ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pppoe0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re1: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pppoe0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pppoe0: promiscuous mode enabled
re1: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re1: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
pppoe0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re1: promiscuous mode disabled
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX::XXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
nd6_dad_timer: called with non-tentative address fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX(pppoe0)
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
nd6_dad_timer: called with non-tentative address fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX(pppoe0)
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
nd6_dad_timer: called with non-tentative address fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX(pppoe0)
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ue0: link state changed to DOWN
ue0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ng0: changing name to 'pppoe0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
axge0: at uhub0, port 10, addr 1 (disconnected)
rgephy0: detached
miibus0: detached
axge0: detached
ugen0.2: <ASIX Elec. Corp. AX88179> at usbus0 (disconnected)
ugen0.2: <ASIX Elec. Corp. AX88179> at usbus0
axge0 on uhub0
axge0: <NetworkInterface> on usbus0
miibus0: <MII bus> on axge0
rgephy0: <RTL8169S/8110S/8211 1000BASE-T media interface> PHY 3 on miibus0
rgephy0:  none, 10baseT, 10baseT-FDX, 10baseT-FDX-flow, 100baseTX, 100baseTX-FDX, 100baseTX-FDX-flow, 1000baseT-FDX, 1000baseT-FDX-master, 1000baseT-FDX-flow, 1000baseT-FDX-flow-master, auto, auto-flow
ue0: <USB Ethernet> on axge0
ue0: Ethernet address: ...
axge0: at uhub0, port 3, addr 2 (disconnected)
rgephy0: detached
miibus0: detached
axge0: detached
ugen0.2: <ASIX Elec. Corp. AX88179> at usbus0 (disconnected)
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `vnlru' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `syncer' to stop... 
Syncing disks, vnodes remaining... 5 1 1 1 1 0 0 done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufdaemon' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-1' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-2' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-3' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-4' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-5' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-6' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-0' to stop... done
All buffers synced.
---<<BOOT>>---
Copyright (c) 2474-67F5 The HardenedBSD Project.
Copyright (c) 10F0-EC3A The FreeBSD Project.
Copyright (c) 1979, 1980, 1983, 1986, 1988, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994
	The Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved.
FreeBSD is a registered trademark of The FreeBSD Foundation.
FreeBSD 12.1-RELEASE-p10-HBSD #0  6e16e28f1bf(stable/20.7)-dirty: Tue Oct 20 13:30:19 CEST 2020
    XXX@XXX:/usr/obj/XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX amd64
FreeBSD clang version 8.0.1 (tags/RELEASE_801/final 366581) (based on LLVM 8.0.1)
VT(vga): resolution 640x480
HardenedBSD: initialize and check features (__HardenedBSD_version 1200059 __FreeBSD_version 1201000).
module_register: cannot register pci/if_re from kernel; already loaded from if_re.ko
Module pci/if_re failed to register: 17
Skipping TSC calibration since no legacy devices reported by FADT and CPUID works
CPU: Intel(R) Celeron(R) J4115 CPU @ 1.80GHz (1785.60-MHz K8-class CPU)
  Origin="GenuineIntel"  Id=0x706a1  Family=0x6  Model=0x7a  Stepping=1
  Features=0xbfebfbff<FPU,VME,DE,PSE,TSC,MSR,PAE,MCE,CX8,APIC,SEP,MTRR,PGE,MCA,CMOV,PAT,PSE36,CLFLUSH,DTS,ACPI,MMX,FXSR,SSE,SSE2,SS,HTT,TM,PBE>
  Features2=0x4ff8ebbf<SSE3,PCLMULQDQ,DTES64,MON,DS_CPL,VMX,EST,TM2,SSSE3,SDBG,CX16,xTPR,PDCM,SSE4.1,SSE4.2,x2APIC,MOVBE,POPCNT,TSCDLT,AESNI,XSAVE,OSXSAVE,RDRAND>
  AMD Features=0x2c100800<SYSCALL,NX,Page1GB,RDTSCP,LM>
  AMD Features2=0x101<LAHF,Prefetch>
  Structured Extended Features=0x2294e287<FSGSBASE,TSCADJ,SGX,SMEP,ERMS,NFPUSG,MPX,PQE,RDSEED,SMAP,CLFLUSHOPT,PROCTRACE,SHA>
  Structured Extended Features2=0x40400004<UMIP,RDPID,SGXLC>
  Structured Extended Features3=0xac000400<MD_CLEAR,IBPB,STIBP,ARCH_CAP,SSBD>
  XSAVE Features=0xf<XSAVEOPT,XSAVEC,XINUSE,XSAVES>
  IA32_ARCH_CAPS=0x6a<IBRS_ALL,SKIP_L1DFL_VME>
  VT-x: PAT,HLT,MTF,PAUSE,EPT,UG,VPID,VID,PostIntr
  TSC: P-state invariant, performance statistics
real memory  = 17179869184 (16384 MB)
avail memory = 16401453056 (15641 MB)
Event timer "LAPIC" quality 600
ACPI APIC Table: <INTEL  GLK-SOC >
WARNING: L1 data cache covers fewer APIC IDs than a core (0 < 1)
FreeBSD/SMP: Multiprocessor System Detected: 4 CPUs
FreeBSD/SMP: 1 package(s) x 4 core(s)
random: unblocking device.
ioapic0 <Version 2.0> irqs 0-119 on motherboard
Launching APs: 1 2 3
Timecounter "TSC" frequency 1785600000 Hz quality 1000
random: entropy device external interface
wlan: mac acl policy registered
kbd1 at kbdmux0
module_register_init: MOD_LOAD (vesa, 0xffffffff8128e7c0, 0) error 19
random: registering fast source Intel Secure Key RNG
random: fast provider: "Intel Secure Key RNG"
000.000054 [4335] netmap_init               netmap: loaded module
[ath_hal] loaded
nexus0
efirtc0: <EFI Realtime Clock> on motherboard
efirtc0: registered as a time-of-day clock, resolution 1.000000s
cryptosoft0: <software crypto> on motherboard
acpi0: <ALASKA A M I > on motherboard
acpi0: Power Button (fixed)
unknown: I/O range not supported
cpu0: <ACPI CPU> on acpi0
attimer0: <AT timer> port 0x40-0x43,0x50-0x53 irq 0 on acpi0
Timecounter "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 0
Event timer "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 100
atrtc0: <AT realtime clock> port 0x70-0x77 on acpi0
atrtc0: Warning: Couldn't map I/O.
atrtc0: registered as a time-of-day clock, resolution 1.000000s
Event timer "RTC" frequency 32768 Hz quality 0
hpet0: <High Precision Event Timer> iomem 0xfed00000-0xfed003ff irq 8 on acpi0
Timecounter "HPET" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 950
Event timer "HPET" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 550
Event timer "HPET1" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 440
Event timer "HPET2" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 440
Event timer "HPET3" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 440
Event timer "HPET4" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 440
Timecounter "ACPI-fast" frequency 3579545 Hz quality 900
acpi_timer0: <32-bit timer at 3.579545MHz> port 0x408-0x40b on acpi0
pcib0: <ACPI Host-PCI bridge> port 0xcf8-0xcff on acpi0
pcib0: Length mismatch for 3 range: 1 vs 1000000010000
pci0: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib0
vgapci0: <VGA-compatible display> port 0xf000-0xf03f mem 0xa0000000-0xa0ffffff,0x90000000-0x9fffffff at device 2.0 on pci0
vgapci0: Boot video device
pci0: <simple comms> at device 15.0 (no driver attached)
pcib1: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> at device 19.0 on pci0
pci1: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib1
nvme0: <Generic NVMe Device> mem 0xa1200000-0xa1203fff at device 0.0 on pci1
pcib2: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> at device 20.0 on pci0
pci2: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib2
re0: <Realtek PCIe 2.5GbE Family Controller> port 0xe000-0xe0ff mem 0xa1100000-0xa110ffff,0xa1110000-0xa1113fff at device 0.0 on pci2
re0: Using Memory Mapping!
re0: Using 1 MSI-X message
re0: ASPM disabled
re0: version:1.96.04
re0: Ethernet address: ...

This product is covered by one or more of the following patents:            
US6,570,884, US6,115,776, and US6,327,625.
re0: Ethernet address: ...
pcib3: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> at device 20.1 on pci0
pci3: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib3
re1: <Realtek PCIe 2.5GbE Family Controller> port 0xd000-0xd0ff mem 0xa1000000-0xa100ffff,0xa1010000-0xa1013fff at device 0.0 on pci3
re1: Using Memory Mapping!
re1: Using 1 MSI-X message
re1: ASPM disabled
re1: version:1.96.04
re1: Ethernet address: ...

This product is covered by one or more of the following patents:            
US6,570,884, US6,115,776, and US6,327,625.
re1: Ethernet address: ...
xhci0: <XHCI (generic) USB 3.0 controller> mem 0xa1300000-0xa130ffff irq 17 at device 21.0 on pci0
xhci0: 32 bytes context size, 64-bit DMA
usbus0 on xhci0
usbus0: 5.0Gbps Super Speed USB v3.0
isab0: <PCI-ISA bridge> at device 31.0 on pci0
isa0: <ISA bus> on isab0
acpi_button0: <Power Button> on acpi0
acpi_tz0: <Thermal Zone> on acpi0
atkbdc0: <Keyboard controller (i8042)> at port 0x60,0x64 on isa0
atkbd0: <AT Keyboard> irq 1 on atkbdc0
kbd0 at atkbd0
atkbd0: [GIANT-LOCKED]
est0: <Enhanced SpeedStep Frequency Control> on cpu0
Timecounters tick every 1.000 msec
ugen0.1: <0x8086 XHCI root HUB> at usbus0
uhub0: <0x8086 XHCI root HUB, class 9/0, rev 3.00/1.00, addr 1> on usbus0
nvd0: <CT500P1SSD8> NVMe namespace
nvd0: 476940MB (976773168 512 byte sectors)
Trying to mount root from ufs:/dev/gpt/rootfs [rw]...
uhub0: 16 ports with 16 removable, self powered
lo0: link state changed to UP
aesni0: <AES-CBC,AES-CCM,AES-GCM,AES-ICM,AES-XTS,SHA1,SHA256> on motherboard
coretemp0: <CPU On-Die Thermal Sensors> on cpu0
re1: link state changed to UP
re0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ipfw2 (+ipv6) initialized, divert loadable, nat loadable, default to accept, logging disabled
DUMMYNET 0xfffff800030611c0 with IPv6 initialized (100409)
load_dn_sched dn_sched FIFO loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched QFQ loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched RR loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched WF2Q+ loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched PRIO loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched FQ_CODEL loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched FQ_PIE loaded
load_dn_aqm dn_aqm CODEL loaded
load_dn_aqm dn_aqm PIE loaded
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `vnlru' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `syncer' to stop... 
Syncing disks, vnodes remaining... 2 0 0 0 done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufdaemon' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-1' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-2' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-4' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-3' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-5' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-0' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-6' to stop... done
All buffers synced.
---<<BOOT>>---
Copyright (c) 2474-67F5 The HardenedBSD Project.
Copyright (c) 10F0-EC3A The FreeBSD Project.
Copyright (c) 1979, 1980, 1983, 1986, 1988, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994
	The Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved.
FreeBSD is a registered trademark of The FreeBSD Foundation.
FreeBSD 12.1-RELEASE-p10-HBSD #0  6e16e28f1bf(stable/20.7)-dirty: Tue Oct 20 13:30:19 CEST 2020
    XXX@XXX:/usr/obj/XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX amd64
FreeBSD clang version 8.0.1 (tags/RELEASE_801/final 366581) (based on LLVM 8.0.1)
VT(vga): resolution 640x480
HardenedBSD: initialize and check features (__HardenedBSD_version 1200059 __FreeBSD_version 1201000).
module_register: cannot register pci/if_re from kernel; already loaded from if_re.ko
Module pci/if_re failed to register: 17
Skipping TSC calibration since no legacy devices reported by FADT and CPUID works
CPU: Intel(R) Celeron(R) J4115 CPU @ 1.80GHz (1785.60-MHz K8-class CPU)
  Origin="GenuineIntel"  Id=0x706a1  Family=0x6  Model=0x7a  Stepping=1
  Features=0xbfebfbff<FPU,VME,DE,PSE,TSC,MSR,PAE,MCE,CX8,APIC,SEP,MTRR,PGE,MCA,CMOV,PAT,PSE36,CLFLUSH,DTS,ACPI,MMX,FXSR,SSE,SSE2,SS,HTT,TM,PBE>
  Features2=0x4ff8ebbf<SSE3,PCLMULQDQ,DTES64,MON,DS_CPL,VMX,EST,TM2,SSSE3,SDBG,CX16,xTPR,PDCM,SSE4.1,SSE4.2,x2APIC,MOVBE,POPCNT,TSCDLT,AESNI,XSAVE,OSXSAVE,RDRAND>
  AMD Features=0x2c100800<SYSCALL,NX,Page1GB,RDTSCP,LM>
  AMD Features2=0x101<LAHF,Prefetch>
  Structured Extended Features=0x2294e287<FSGSBASE,TSCADJ,SGX,SMEP,ERMS,NFPUSG,MPX,PQE,RDSEED,SMAP,CLFLUSHOPT,PROCTRACE,SHA>
  Structured Extended Features2=0x40400004<UMIP,RDPID,SGXLC>
  Structured Extended Features3=0xac000400<MD_CLEAR,IBPB,STIBP,ARCH_CAP,SSBD>
  XSAVE Features=0xf<XSAVEOPT,XSAVEC,XINUSE,XSAVES>
  IA32_ARCH_CAPS=0x6a<IBRS_ALL,SKIP_L1DFL_VME>
  VT-x: PAT,HLT,MTF,PAUSE,EPT,UG,VPID,VID,PostIntr
  TSC: P-state invariant, performance statistics
real memory  = 17179869184 (16384 MB)
avail memory = 16401453056 (15641 MB)
Event timer "LAPIC" quality 600
ACPI APIC Table: <INTEL  GLK-SOC >
WARNING: L1 data cache covers fewer APIC IDs than a core (0 < 1)
FreeBSD/SMP: Multiprocessor System Detected: 4 CPUs
FreeBSD/SMP: 1 package(s) x 4 core(s)
random: unblocking device.
ioapic0 <Version 2.0> irqs 0-119 on motherboard
Launching APs: 3 2 1
Timecounter "TSC" frequency 1785600000 Hz quality 1000
random: entropy device external interface
wlan: mac acl policy registered
kbd1 at kbdmux0
module_register_init: MOD_LOAD (vesa, 0xffffffff8128e7c0, 0) error 19
random: registering fast source Intel Secure Key RNG
random: fast provider: "Intel Secure Key RNG"
000.000054 [4335] netmap_init               netmap: loaded module
[ath_hal] loaded
nexus0
efirtc0: <EFI Realtime Clock> on motherboard
efirtc0: registered as a time-of-day clock, resolution 1.000000s
cryptosoft0: <software crypto> on motherboard
acpi0: <ALASKA A M I > on motherboard
acpi0: Power Button (fixed)
unknown: I/O range not supported
cpu0: <ACPI CPU> on acpi0
attimer0: <AT timer> port 0x40-0x43,0x50-0x53 irq 0 on acpi0
Timecounter "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 0
Event timer "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 100
atrtc0: <AT realtime clock> port 0x70-0x77 on acpi0
atrtc0: Warning: Couldn't map I/O.
atrtc0: registered as a time-of-day clock, resolution 1.000000s
Event timer "RTC" frequency 32768 Hz quality 0
hpet0: <High Precision Event Timer> iomem 0xfed00000-0xfed003ff irq 8 on acpi0
Timecounter "HPET" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 950
Event timer "HPET" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 550
Event timer "HPET1" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 440
Event timer "HPET2" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 440
Event timer "HPET3" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 440
Event timer "HPET4" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 440
Timecounter "ACPI-fast" frequency 3579545 Hz quality 900
acpi_timer0: <32-bit timer at 3.579545MHz> port 0x408-0x40b on acpi0
pcib0: <ACPI Host-PCI bridge> port 0xcf8-0xcff on acpi0
pcib0: Length mismatch for 3 range: 1 vs 1000000010000
pci0: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib0
vgapci0: <VGA-compatible display> port 0xf000-0xf03f mem 0xa0000000-0xa0ffffff,0x90000000-0x9fffffff at device 2.0 on pci0
vgapci0: Boot video device
pci0: <simple comms> at device 15.0 (no driver attached)
pcib1: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> at device 19.0 on pci0
pci1: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib1
nvme0: <Generic NVMe Device> mem 0xa1200000-0xa1203fff at device 0.0 on pci1
pcib2: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> at device 20.0 on pci0
pci2: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib2
re0: <Realtek PCIe 2.5GbE Family Controller> port 0xe000-0xe0ff mem 0xa1100000-0xa110ffff,0xa1110000-0xa1113fff at device 0.0 on pci2
re0: Using Memory Mapping!
re0: Using 1 MSI-X message
re0: ASPM disabled
re0: version:1.96.04
re0: Ethernet address: ...

This product is covered by one or more of the following patents:            
US6,570,884, US6,115,776, and US6,327,625.
re0: Ethernet address: ...
pcib3: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> at device 20.1 on pci0
pci3: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib3
re1: <Realtek PCIe 2.5GbE Family Controller> port 0xd000-0xd0ff mem 0xa1000000-0xa100ffff,0xa1010000-0xa1013fff at device 0.0 on pci3
re1: Using Memory Mapping!
re1: Using 1 MSI-X message
re1: ASPM disabled
re1: version:1.96.04
re1: Ethernet address: ...

This product is covered by one or more of the following patents:            
US6,570,884, US6,115,776, and US6,327,625.
re1: Ethernet address: ...
xhci0: <XHCI (generic) USB 3.0 controller> mem 0xa1300000-0xa130ffff irq 17 at device 21.0 on pci0
xhci0: 32 bytes context size, 64-bit DMA
usbus0 on xhci0
usbus0: 5.0Gbps Super Speed USB v3.0
isab0: <PCI-ISA bridge> at device 31.0 on pci0
isa0: <ISA bus> on isab0
acpi_button0: <Power Button> on acpi0
acpi_tz0: <Thermal Zone> on acpi0
atkbdc0: <Keyboard controller (i8042)> at port 0x60,0x64 on isa0
atkbd0: <AT Keyboard> irq 1 on atkbdc0
kbd0 at atkbd0
atkbd0: [GIANT-LOCKED]
est0: <Enhanced SpeedStep Frequency Control> on cpu0
Timecounters tick every 1.000 msec
ugen0.1: <0x8086 XHCI root HUB> at usbus0
uhub0: <0x8086 XHCI root HUB, class 9/0, rev 3.00/1.00, addr 1> on usbus0
nvd0: <CT500P1SSD8> NVMe namespace
nvd0: 476940MB (976773168 512 byte sectors)
Trying to mount root from ufs:/dev/gpt/rootfs [rw]...
uhub0: 16 ports with 16 removable, self powered
lo0: link state changed to UP
aesni0: <AES-CBC,AES-CCM,AES-GCM,AES-ICM,AES-XTS,SHA1,SHA256> on motherboard
coretemp0: <CPU On-Die Thermal Sensors> on cpu0
re1: link state changed to UP
re0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ipfw2 (+ipv6) initialized, divert loadable, nat loadable, default to accept, logging disabled
DUMMYNET 0xfffff800030611c0 with IPv6 initialized (100409)
load_dn_sched dn_sched FIFO loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched QFQ loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched RR loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched WF2Q+ loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched PRIO loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched FQ_CODEL loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched FQ_PIE loaded
load_dn_aqm dn_aqm CODEL loaded
load_dn_aqm dn_aqm PIE loaded
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
WARNING: attempt to domain_add(netgraph) after domainfinalize()
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `vnlru' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `syncer' to stop... 
Syncing disks, vnodes remaining... 0 0 0 done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufdaemon' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-1' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-0' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-2' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-3' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-4' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-5' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-6' to stop... done
All buffers synced.
---<<BOOT>>---
Copyright (c) 2474-67F5 The HardenedBSD Project.
Copyright (c) 10F0-EC3A The FreeBSD Project.
Copyright (c) 1979, 1980, 1983, 1986, 1988, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994
	The Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved.
FreeBSD is a registered trademark of The FreeBSD Foundation.
FreeBSD 12.1-RELEASE-p10-HBSD  f1ef85ed381(master) SMP amd64
FreeBSD clang version 8.0.1 (tags/RELEASE_801/final 366581) (based on LLVM 8.0.1)
VT(vga): resolution 640x480
HardenedBSD: initialize and check features (__HardenedBSD_version 1200059 __FreeBSD_version 1201000).
module_register: cannot register pci/if_re from kernel; already loaded from if_re.ko
Module pci/if_re failed to register: 17
Skipping TSC calibration since no legacy devices reported by FADT and CPUID works
CPU: Intel(R) Celeron(R) J4115 CPU @ 1.80GHz (1785.60-MHz K8-class CPU)
  Origin="GenuineIntel"  Id=0x706a1  Family=0x6  Model=0x7a  Stepping=1
  Features=0xbfebfbff<FPU,VME,DE,PSE,TSC,MSR,PAE,MCE,CX8,APIC,SEP,MTRR,PGE,MCA,CMOV,PAT,PSE36,CLFLUSH,DTS,ACPI,MMX,FXSR,SSE,SSE2,SS,HTT,TM,PBE>
  Features2=0x4ff8ebbf<SSE3,PCLMULQDQ,DTES64,MON,DS_CPL,VMX,EST,TM2,SSSE3,SDBG,CX16,xTPR,PDCM,SSE4.1,SSE4.2,x2APIC,MOVBE,POPCNT,TSCDLT,AESNI,XSAVE,OSXSAVE,RDRAND>
  AMD Features=0x2c100800<SYSCALL,NX,Page1GB,RDTSCP,LM>
  AMD Features2=0x101<LAHF,Prefetch>
  Structured Extended Features=0x2294e287<FSGSBASE,TSCADJ,SGX,SMEP,ERMS,NFPUSG,MPX,PQE,RDSEED,SMAP,CLFLUSHOPT,PROCTRACE,SHA>
  Structured Extended Features2=0x40400004<UMIP,RDPID,SGXLC>
  Structured Extended Features3=0xac000400<MD_CLEAR,IBPB,STIBP,ARCH_CAP,SSBD>
  XSAVE Features=0xf<XSAVEOPT,XSAVEC,XINUSE,XSAVES>
  IA32_ARCH_CAPS=0x6a<IBRS_ALL,SKIP_L1DFL_VME>
  VT-x: PAT,HLT,MTF,PAUSE,EPT,UG,VPID,VID,PostIntr
  TSC: P-state invariant, performance statistics
real memory  = 17179869184 (16384 MB)
avail memory = 16401453056 (15641 MB)
Event timer "LAPIC" quality 600
ACPI APIC Table: <INTEL  GLK-SOC >
WARNING: L1 data cache covers fewer APIC IDs than a core (0 < 1)
FreeBSD/SMP: Multiprocessor System Detected: 4 CPUs
FreeBSD/SMP: 1 package(s) x 4 core(s)
random: unblocking device.
ioapic0 <Version 2.0> irqs 0-119 on motherboard
Launching APs: 3 1 2
Timecounter "TSC" frequency 1785600000 Hz quality 1000
random: entropy device external interface
wlan: mac acl policy registered
kbd1 at kbdmux0
module_register_init: MOD_LOAD (vesa, 0xffffffff8128e7c0, 0) error 19
random: registering fast source Intel Secure Key RNG
random: fast provider: "Intel Secure Key RNG"
000.000054 [4336] netmap_init               netmap: loaded module
[ath_hal] loaded
nexus0
efirtc0: <EFI Realtime Clock> on motherboard
efirtc0: registered as a time-of-day clock, resolution 1.000000s
cryptosoft0: <software crypto> on motherboard
acpi0: <ALASKA A M I > on motherboard
acpi0: Power Button (fixed)
unknown: I/O range not supported
cpu0: <ACPI CPU> on acpi0
attimer0: <AT timer> port 0x40-0x43,0x50-0x53 irq 0 on acpi0
Timecounter "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 0
Event timer "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 100
atrtc0: <AT realtime clock> port 0x70-0x77 on acpi0
atrtc0: Warning: Couldn't map I/O.
atrtc0: registered as a time-of-day clock, resolution 1.000000s
Event timer "RTC" frequency 32768 Hz quality 0
hpet0: <High Precision Event Timer> iomem 0xfed00000-0xfed003ff irq 8 on acpi0
Timecounter "HPET" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 950
Event timer "HPET" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 550
Event timer "HPET1" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 440
Event timer "HPET2" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 440
Event timer "HPET3" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 440
Event timer "HPET4" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 440
Timecounter "ACPI-fast" frequency 3579545 Hz quality 900
acpi_timer0: <32-bit timer at 3.579545MHz> port 0x408-0x40b on acpi0
pcib0: <ACPI Host-PCI bridge> port 0xcf8-0xcff on acpi0
pcib0: Length mismatch for 3 range: 1 vs 1000000010000
pci0: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib0
vgapci0: <VGA-compatible display> port 0xf000-0xf03f mem 0xa0000000-0xa0ffffff,0x90000000-0x9fffffff at device 2.0 on pci0
vgapci0: Boot video device
pci0: <simple comms> at device 15.0 (no driver attached)
pcib1: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> at device 19.0 on pci0
pci1: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib1
nvme0: <Generic NVMe Device> mem 0xa1200000-0xa1203fff at device 0.0 on pci1
pcib2: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> at device 20.0 on pci0
pci2: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib2
re0: <Realtek PCIe 2.5GbE Family Controller> port 0xe000-0xe0ff mem 0xa1100000-0xa110ffff,0xa1110000-0xa1113fff at device 0.0 on pci2
re0: Using Memory Mapping!
re0: Using 1 MSI-X message
re0: ASPM disabled
re0: version:1.96.04
re0: Ethernet address: ...

This product is covered by one or more of the following patents:            
US6,570,884, US6,115,776, and US6,327,625.
re0: Ethernet address: ...
pcib3: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> at device 20.1 on pci0
pci3: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib3
re1: <Realtek PCIe 2.5GbE Family Controller> port 0xd000-0xd0ff mem 0xa1000000-0xa100ffff,0xa1010000-0xa1013fff at device 0.0 on pci3
re1: Using Memory Mapping!
re1: Using 1 MSI-X message
re1: ASPM disabled
re1: version:1.96.04
re1: Ethernet address: ...

This product is covered by one or more of the following patents:            
US6,570,884, US6,115,776, and US6,327,625.
re1: Ethernet address: ...
xhci0: <XHCI (generic) USB 3.0 controller> mem 0xa1300000-0xa130ffff irq 17 at device 21.0 on pci0
xhci0: 32 bytes context size, 64-bit DMA
usbus0 on xhci0
usbus0: 5.0Gbps Super Speed USB v3.0
isab0: <PCI-ISA bridge> at device 31.0 on pci0
isa0: <ISA bus> on isab0
acpi_button0: <Power Button> on acpi0
acpi_tz0: <Thermal Zone> on acpi0
atkbdc0: <Keyboard controller (i8042)> at port 0x60,0x64 on isa0
atkbd0: <AT Keyboard> irq 1 on atkbdc0
kbd0 at atkbd0
atkbd0: [GIANT-LOCKED]
est0: <Enhanced SpeedStep Frequency Control> on cpu0
Timecounters tick every 1.000 msec
ugen0.1: <0x8086 XHCI root HUB> at usbus0
uhub0: <0x8086 XHCI root HUB, class 9/0, rev 3.00/1.00, addr 1> on usbus0
nvd0: <CT500P1SSD8> NVMe namespace
nvd0: 476940MB (976773168 512 byte sectors)
Trying to mount root from ufs:/dev/gpt/rootfs [rw]...
uhub0: 16 ports with 16 removable, self powered
lo0: link state changed to UP
aesni0: <AES-CBC,AES-CCM,AES-GCM,AES-ICM,AES-XTS,SHA1,SHA256> on motherboard
coretemp0: <CPU On-Die Thermal Sensors> on cpu0
re1: link state changed to UP
re0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ipfw2 (+ipv6) initialized, divert loadable, nat loadable, default to accept, logging disabled
DUMMYNET 0xfffff800030611c0 with IPv6 initialized (100409)
load_dn_sched dn_sched FIFO loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched QFQ loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched RR loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched WF2Q+ loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched PRIO loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched FQ_CODEL loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched FQ_PIE loaded
load_dn_aqm dn_aqm CODEL loaded
load_dn_aqm dn_aqm PIE loaded
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `vnlru' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `syncer' to stop... 
Syncing disks, vnodes remaining... 10 7 2 1 0 0 done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufdaemon' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-0' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-1' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-2' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-4' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-5' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-3' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-6' to stop... done
All buffers synced.
---<<BOOT>>---
Copyright (c) 2474-67F5 The HardenedBSD Project.
Copyright (c) 10F0-EC3A The FreeBSD Project.
Copyright (c) 1979, 1980, 1983, 1986, 1988, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994
	The Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved.
FreeBSD is a registered trademark of The FreeBSD Foundation.
FreeBSD 12.1-RELEASE-p10-HBSD #0  6e16e28f1bf(stable/20.7)-dirty: Tue Oct 20 13:30:19 CEST 2020
    XXX@XXX:/usr/obj/XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX amd64
FreeBSD clang version 8.0.1 (tags/RELEASE_801/final 366581) (based on LLVM 8.0.1)
VT(vga): resolution 640x480
HardenedBSD: initialize and check features (__HardenedBSD_version 1200059 __FreeBSD_version 1201000).
module_register: cannot register pci/if_re from kernel; already loaded from if_re.ko
Module pci/if_re failed to register: 17
Skipping TSC calibration since no legacy devices reported by FADT and CPUID works
CPU: Intel(R) Celeron(R) J4115 CPU @ 1.80GHz (1785.60-MHz K8-class CPU)
  Origin="GenuineIntel"  Id=0x706a1  Family=0x6  Model=0x7a  Stepping=1
  Features=0xbfebfbff<FPU,VME,DE,PSE,TSC,MSR,PAE,MCE,CX8,APIC,SEP,MTRR,PGE,MCA,CMOV,PAT,PSE36,CLFLUSH,DTS,ACPI,MMX,FXSR,SSE,SSE2,SS,HTT,TM,PBE>
  Features2=0x4ff8ebbf<SSE3,PCLMULQDQ,DTES64,MON,DS_CPL,VMX,EST,TM2,SSSE3,SDBG,CX16,xTPR,PDCM,SSE4.1,SSE4.2,x2APIC,MOVBE,POPCNT,TSCDLT,AESNI,XSAVE,OSXSAVE,RDRAND>
  AMD Features=0x2c100800<SYSCALL,NX,Page1GB,RDTSCP,LM>
  AMD Features2=0x101<LAHF,Prefetch>
  Structured Extended Features=0x2294e287<FSGSBASE,TSCADJ,SGX,SMEP,ERMS,NFPUSG,MPX,PQE,RDSEED,SMAP,CLFLUSHOPT,PROCTRACE,SHA>
  Structured Extended Features2=0x40400004<UMIP,RDPID,SGXLC>
  Structured Extended Features3=0xac000400<MD_CLEAR,IBPB,STIBP,ARCH_CAP,SSBD>
  XSAVE Features=0xf<XSAVEOPT,XSAVEC,XINUSE,XSAVES>
  IA32_ARCH_CAPS=0x6a<IBRS_ALL,SKIP_L1DFL_VME>
  VT-x: PAT,HLT,MTF,PAUSE,EPT,UG,VPID,VID,PostIntr
  TSC: P-state invariant, performance statistics
real memory  = 17179869184 (16384 MB)
avail memory = 16401453056 (15641 MB)
Event timer "LAPIC" quality 600
ACPI APIC Table: <INTEL  GLK-SOC >
WARNING: L1 data cache covers fewer APIC IDs than a core (0 < 1)
FreeBSD/SMP: Multiprocessor System Detected: 4 CPUs
FreeBSD/SMP: 1 package(s) x 4 core(s)
random: unblocking device.
ioapic0 <Version 2.0> irqs 0-119 on motherboard
Launching APs: 2 1 3
Timecounter "TSC" frequency 1785600000 Hz quality 1000
random: entropy device external interface
wlan: mac acl policy registered
kbd1 at kbdmux0
module_register_init: MOD_LOAD (vesa, 0xffffffff8128e7c0, 0) error 19
random: registering fast source Intel Secure Key RNG
random: fast provider: "Intel Secure Key RNG"
000.000054 [4335] netmap_init               netmap: loaded module
[ath_hal] loaded
nexus0
efirtc0: <EFI Realtime Clock> on motherboard
efirtc0: registered as a time-of-day clock, resolution 1.000000s
cryptosoft0: <software crypto> on motherboard
acpi0: <ALASKA A M I > on motherboard
acpi0: Power Button (fixed)
unknown: I/O range not supported
cpu0: <ACPI CPU> on acpi0
attimer0: <AT timer> port 0x40-0x43,0x50-0x53 irq 0 on acpi0
Timecounter "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 0
Event timer "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 100
atrtc0: <AT realtime clock> port 0x70-0x77 on acpi0
atrtc0: Warning: Couldn't map I/O.
atrtc0: registered as a time-of-day clock, resolution 1.000000s
Event timer "RTC" frequency 32768 Hz quality 0
hpet0: <High Precision Event Timer> iomem 0xfed00000-0xfed003ff irq 8 on acpi0
Timecounter "HPET" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 950
Event timer "HPET" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 550
Event timer "HPET1" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 440
Event timer "HPET2" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 440
Event timer "HPET3" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 440
Event timer "HPET4" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 440
Timecounter "ACPI-fast" frequency 3579545 Hz quality 900
acpi_timer0: <32-bit timer at 3.579545MHz> port 0x408-0x40b on acpi0
pcib0: <ACPI Host-PCI bridge> port 0xcf8-0xcff on acpi0
pcib0: Length mismatch for 3 range: 1 vs 1000000010000
pci0: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib0
vgapci0: <VGA-compatible display> port 0xf000-0xf03f mem 0xa0000000-0xa0ffffff,0x90000000-0x9fffffff at device 2.0 on pci0
vgapci0: Boot video device
pci0: <simple comms> at device 15.0 (no driver attached)
pcib1: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> at device 19.0 on pci0
pci1: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib1
nvme0: <Generic NVMe Device> mem 0xa1200000-0xa1203fff at device 0.0 on pci1
pcib2: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> at device 20.0 on pci0
pci2: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib2
re0: <Realtek PCIe 2.5GbE Family Controller> port 0xe000-0xe0ff mem 0xa1100000-0xa110ffff,0xa1110000-0xa1113fff at device 0.0 on pci2
re0: Using Memory Mapping!
re0: Using 1 MSI-X message
re0: ASPM disabled
re0: version:1.96.04
re0: Ethernet address: ...

This product is covered by one or more of the following patents:            
US6,570,884, US6,115,776, and US6,327,625.
re0: Ethernet address: ...
pcib3: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> at device 20.1 on pci0
pci3: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib3
re1: <Realtek PCIe 2.5GbE Family Controller> port 0xd000-0xd0ff mem 0xa1000000-0xa100ffff,0xa1010000-0xa1013fff at device 0.0 on pci3
re1: Using Memory Mapping!
re1: Using 1 MSI-X message
re1: ASPM disabled
re1: version:1.96.04
re1: Ethernet address: ...

This product is covered by one or more of the following patents:            
US6,570,884, US6,115,776, and US6,327,625.
re1: Ethernet address: ...
xhci0: <XHCI (generic) USB 3.0 controller> mem 0xa1300000-0xa130ffff irq 17 at device 21.0 on pci0
xhci0: 32 bytes context size, 64-bit DMA
usbus0 on xhci0
usbus0: 5.0Gbps Super Speed USB v3.0
isab0: <PCI-ISA bridge> at device 31.0 on pci0
isa0: <ISA bus> on isab0
acpi_button0: <Power Button> on acpi0
acpi_tz0: <Thermal Zone> on acpi0
atkbdc0: <Keyboard controller (i8042)> at port 0x60,0x64 on isa0
atkbd0: <AT Keyboard> irq 1 on atkbdc0
kbd0 at atkbd0
atkbd0: [GIANT-LOCKED]
est0: <Enhanced SpeedStep Frequency Control> on cpu0
Timecounters tick every 1.000 msec
ugen0.1: <0x8086 XHCI root HUB> at usbus0
uhub0: <0x8086 XHCI root HUB, class 9/0, rev 3.00/1.00, addr 1> on usbus0
nvd0: <CT500P1SSD8> NVMe namespace
nvd0: 476940MB (976773168 512 byte sectors)
Trying to mount root from ufs:/dev/gpt/rootfs [rw]...
uhub0: 16 ports with 16 removable, self powered
lo0: link state changed to UP
aesni0: <AES-CBC,AES-CCM,AES-GCM,AES-ICM,AES-XTS,SHA1,SHA256> on motherboard
coretemp0: <CPU On-Die Thermal Sensors> on cpu0
re1: link state changed to UP
re0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ipfw2 (+ipv6) initialized, divert loadable, nat loadable, default to accept, logging disabled
DUMMYNET 0xfffff800030611c0 with IPv6 initialized (100409)
load_dn_sched dn_sched FIFO loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched QFQ loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched RR loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched WF2Q+ loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched PRIO loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched FQ_CODEL loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched FQ_PIE loaded
load_dn_aqm dn_aqm CODEL loaded
load_dn_aqm dn_aqm PIE loaded
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX::XXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst 64:ff9b::345e:e800, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst 64:ff9b::345f:7426, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst 2600:1480:3000:e4::, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst 64:ff9b::3410:7e68, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX::XXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX::XXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
pid 4929 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 10190 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 60329 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 58839 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 56790 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 49670 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 578 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 11398 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 53621 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 30998 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 76833 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 52749 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 74375 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 31133 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 95463 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 56650 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 52819 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 975 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 67820 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 76809 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 27057 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 96922 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 85672 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 26420 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 46288 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 21491 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 81815 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 8379 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 44356 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
pid 96620 (syslog-ng), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 6 (core dumped)
[HBSD SEGVGUARD] [syslog-ng (96620)] Suspending execution for 600 seconds after 5 crashes.
 -> pid: 96620 ppid: 35605 p_pax: 0xa50<SEGVGUARD,ASLR,NOSHLIBRANDOM,NODISALLOWMAP32BIT> 
[HBSD SEGVGUARD] [syslog-ng (35605)] Preventing execution due to repeated segfaults.
 -> pid: 35605 ppid: 1 p_pax: 0xa50<SEGVGUARD,ASLR,NOSHLIBRANDOM,NODISALLOWMAP32BIT> 
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `vnlru' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `syncer' to stop... 
Syncing disks, vnodes remaining... 188 188 0 0 done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufdaemon' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-0' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-1' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-3' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-2' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-4' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-5' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-6' to stop... done
All buffers synced.
---<<BOOT>>---
Copyright (c) 2474-67F5 The HardenedBSD Project.
Copyright (c) 10F0-EC3A The FreeBSD Project.
Copyright (c) 1979, 1980, 1983, 1986, 1988, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994
	The Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved.
FreeBSD is a registered trademark of The FreeBSD Foundation.
FreeBSD 12.1-RELEASE-p11-HBSD #0  74f1f081a1e(stable/20.7)-dirty: Fri Dec  4 13:40:15 CET 2020
    XXX@XXX:/usr/obj/XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX amd64
FreeBSD clang version 8.0.1 (tags/RELEASE_801/final 366581) (based on LLVM 8.0.1)
VT(vga): resolution 640x480
HardenedBSD: initialize and check features (__HardenedBSD_version 1200059 __FreeBSD_version 1201000).
module_register: cannot register pci/if_re from kernel; already loaded from if_re.ko
Module pci/if_re failed to register: 17
Skipping TSC calibration since no legacy devices reported by FADT and CPUID works
CPU: Intel(R) Celeron(R) J4115 CPU @ 1.80GHz (1785.60-MHz K8-class CPU)
  Origin="GenuineIntel"  Id=0x706a1  Family=0x6  Model=0x7a  Stepping=1
  Features=0xbfebfbff<FPU,VME,DE,PSE,TSC,MSR,PAE,MCE,CX8,APIC,SEP,MTRR,PGE,MCA,CMOV,PAT,PSE36,CLFLUSH,DTS,ACPI,MMX,FXSR,SSE,SSE2,SS,HTT,TM,PBE>
  Features2=0x4ff8ebbf<SSE3,PCLMULQDQ,DTES64,MON,DS_CPL,VMX,EST,TM2,SSSE3,SDBG,CX16,xTPR,PDCM,SSE4.1,SSE4.2,x2APIC,MOVBE,POPCNT,TSCDLT,AESNI,XSAVE,OSXSAVE,RDRAND>
  AMD Features=0x2c100800<SYSCALL,NX,Page1GB,RDTSCP,LM>
  AMD Features2=0x101<LAHF,Prefetch>
  Structured Extended Features=0x2294e287<FSGSBASE,TSCADJ,SGX,SMEP,ERMS,NFPUSG,MPX,PQE,RDSEED,SMAP,CLFLUSHOPT,PROCTRACE,SHA>
  Structured Extended Features2=0x40400004<UMIP,RDPID,SGXLC>
  Structured Extended Features3=0xac000400<MD_CLEAR,IBPB,STIBP,ARCH_CAP,SSBD>
  XSAVE Features=0xf<XSAVEOPT,XSAVEC,XINUSE,XSAVES>
  IA32_ARCH_CAPS=0x6a<IBRS_ALL,SKIP_L1DFL_VME>
  VT-x: PAT,HLT,MTF,PAUSE,EPT,UG,VPID,VID,PostIntr
  TSC: P-state invariant, performance statistics
real memory  = 17179869184 (16384 MB)
avail memory = 16401453056 (15641 MB)
Event timer "LAPIC" quality 600
ACPI APIC Table: <INTEL  GLK-SOC >
WARNING: L1 data cache covers fewer APIC IDs than a core (0 < 1)
FreeBSD/SMP: Multiprocessor System Detected: 4 CPUs
FreeBSD/SMP: 1 package(s) x 4 core(s)
random: unblocking device.
ioapic0 <Version 2.0> irqs 0-119 on motherboard
Launching APs: 2 1 3
Timecounter "TSC" frequency 1785600000 Hz quality 1000
random: entropy device external interface
wlan: mac acl policy registered
kbd1 at kbdmux0
module_register_init: MOD_LOAD (vesa, 0xffffffff8128e7c0, 0) error 19
random: registering fast source Intel Secure Key RNG
random: fast provider: "Intel Secure Key RNG"
000.000054 [4336] netmap_init               netmap: loaded module
[ath_hal] loaded
nexus0
efirtc0: <EFI Realtime Clock> on motherboard
efirtc0: registered as a time-of-day clock, resolution 1.000000s
cryptosoft0: <software crypto> on motherboard
acpi0: <ALASKA A M I > on motherboard
acpi0: Power Button (fixed)
unknown: I/O range not supported
cpu0: <ACPI CPU> on acpi0
attimer0: <AT timer> port 0x40-0x43,0x50-0x53 irq 0 on acpi0
Timecounter "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 0
Event timer "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 100
atrtc0: <AT realtime clock> port 0x70-0x77 on acpi0
atrtc0: Warning: Couldn't map I/O.
atrtc0: registered as a time-of-day clock, resolution 1.000000s
Event timer "RTC" frequency 32768 Hz quality 0
hpet0: <High Precision Event Timer> iomem 0xfed00000-0xfed003ff irq 8 on acpi0
Timecounter "HPET" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 950
Event timer "HPET" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 550
Event timer "HPET1" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 440
Event timer "HPET2" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 440
Event timer "HPET3" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 440
Event timer "HPET4" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 440
Timecounter "ACPI-fast" frequency 3579545 Hz quality 900
acpi_timer0: <32-bit timer at 3.579545MHz> port 0x408-0x40b on acpi0
pcib0: <ACPI Host-PCI bridge> port 0xcf8-0xcff on acpi0
pcib0: Length mismatch for 3 range: 1 vs 1000000010000
pci0: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib0
vgapci0: <VGA-compatible display> port 0xf000-0xf03f mem 0xa0000000-0xa0ffffff,0x90000000-0x9fffffff at device 2.0 on pci0
vgapci0: Boot video device
pci0: <simple comms> at device 15.0 (no driver attached)
pcib1: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> at device 19.0 on pci0
pci1: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib1
nvme0: <Generic NVMe Device> mem 0xa1200000-0xa1203fff at device 0.0 on pci1
pcib2: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> at device 20.0 on pci0
pci2: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib2
re0: <Realtek PCIe 2.5GbE Family Controller> port 0xe000-0xe0ff mem 0xa1100000-0xa110ffff,0xa1110000-0xa1113fff at device 0.0 on pci2
re0: Using Memory Mapping!
re0: Using 1 MSI-X message
re0: ASPM disabled
re0: version:1.96.04
re0: Ethernet address: ...

This product is covered by one or more of the following patents:            
US6,570,884, US6,115,776, and US6,327,625.
re0: Ethernet address: ...
pcib3: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> at device 20.1 on pci0
pci3: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib3
re1: <Realtek PCIe 2.5GbE Family Controller> port 0xd000-0xd0ff mem 0xa1000000-0xa100ffff,0xa1010000-0xa1013fff at device 0.0 on pci3
re1: Using Memory Mapping!
re1: Using 1 MSI-X message
re1: ASPM disabled
re1: version:1.96.04
re1: Ethernet address: ...

This product is covered by one or more of the following patents:            
US6,570,884, US6,115,776, and US6,327,625.
re1: Ethernet address: ...
xhci0: <XHCI (generic) USB 3.0 controller> mem 0xa1300000-0xa130ffff irq 17 at device 21.0 on pci0
xhci0: 32 bytes context size, 64-bit DMA
usbus0 on xhci0
usbus0: 5.0Gbps Super Speed USB v3.0
isab0: <PCI-ISA bridge> at device 31.0 on pci0
isa0: <ISA bus> on isab0
acpi_button0: <Power Button> on acpi0
acpi_tz0: <Thermal Zone> on acpi0
atkbdc0: <Keyboard controller (i8042)> at port 0x60,0x64 on isa0
atkbd0: <AT Keyboard> irq 1 on atkbdc0
kbd0 at atkbd0
atkbd0: [GIANT-LOCKED]
est0: <Enhanced SpeedStep Frequency Control> on cpu0
Timecounters tick every 1.000 msec
ugen0.1: <0x8086 XHCI root HUB> at usbus0
uhub0: <0x8086 XHCI root HUB, class 9/0, rev 3.00/1.00, addr 1> on usbus0
nvd0: <CT500P1SSD8> NVMe namespace
nvd0: 476940MB (976773168 512 byte sectors)
Trying to mount root from ufs:/dev/gpt/rootfs [rw]...
uhub0: 16 ports with 16 removable, self powered
lo0: link state changed to UP
aesni0: <AES-CBC,AES-CCM,AES-GCM,AES-ICM,AES-XTS,SHA1,SHA256> on motherboard
coretemp0: <CPU On-Die Thermal Sensors> on cpu0
re1: link state changed to UP
re0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ipfw2 (+ipv6) initialized, divert loadable, nat loadable, default to accept, logging disabled
DUMMYNET 0xfffff800030611c0 with IPv6 initialized (100409)
load_dn_sched dn_sched FIFO loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched QFQ loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched RR loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched WF2Q+ loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched PRIO loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched FQ_CODEL loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched FQ_PIE loaded
load_dn_aqm dn_aqm CODEL loaded
load_dn_aqm dn_aqm PIE loaded
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX::XXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:1::ff:fe00:10, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif re0, outif re1
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX::XXX, nxt 58, rcvif re1, outif re0
re1: link state changed to DOWN
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
re1: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `vnlru' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `syncer' to stop... 
Syncing disks, vnodes remaining... 10 10 10 0 0 0 done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufdaemon' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-0' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-1' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-2' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-4' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-3' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-5' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-6' to stop... done
All buffers synced.
---<<BOOT>>---
Copyright (c) 2474-67F5 The HardenedBSD Project.
Copyright (c) 10F0-EC3A The FreeBSD Project.
Copyright (c) 1979, 1980, 1983, 1986, 1988, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994
	The Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved.
FreeBSD is a registered trademark of The FreeBSD Foundation.
FreeBSD 12.1-RELEASE-p12-HBSD #0  0857355c1c2(stable/20.7)-dirty: Mon Jan 18 18:12:55 CET 2021
    XXX@XXX:/usr/obj/XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX amd64
FreeBSD clang version 8.0.1 (tags/RELEASE_801/final 366581) (based on LLVM 8.0.1)
VT(vga): resolution 640x480
HardenedBSD: initialize and check features (__HardenedBSD_version 1200059 __FreeBSD_version 1201000).
module_register: cannot register pci/if_re from kernel; already loaded from if_re.ko
Module pci/if_re failed to register: 17
Skipping TSC calibration since no legacy devices reported by FADT and CPUID works
CPU: Intel(R) Celeron(R) J4115 CPU @ 1.80GHz (1785.60-MHz K8-class CPU)
  Origin="GenuineIntel"  Id=0x706a1  Family=0x6  Model=0x7a  Stepping=1
  Features=0xbfebfbff<FPU,VME,DE,PSE,TSC,MSR,PAE,MCE,CX8,APIC,SEP,MTRR,PGE,MCA,CMOV,PAT,PSE36,CLFLUSH,DTS,ACPI,MMX,FXSR,SSE,SSE2,SS,HTT,TM,PBE>
  Features2=0x4ff8ebbf<SSE3,PCLMULQDQ,DTES64,MON,DS_CPL,VMX,EST,TM2,SSSE3,SDBG,CX16,xTPR,PDCM,SSE4.1,SSE4.2,x2APIC,MOVBE,POPCNT,TSCDLT,AESNI,XSAVE,OSXSAVE,RDRAND>
  AMD Features=0x2c100800<SYSCALL,NX,Page1GB,RDTSCP,LM>
  AMD Features2=0x101<LAHF,Prefetch>
  Structured Extended Features=0x2294e287<FSGSBASE,TSCADJ,SGX,SMEP,ERMS,NFPUSG,MPX,PQE,RDSEED,SMAP,CLFLUSHOPT,PROCTRACE,SHA>
  Structured Extended Features2=0x40400004<UMIP,RDPID,SGXLC>
  Structured Extended Features3=0xac000400<MD_CLEAR,IBPB,STIBP,ARCH_CAP,SSBD>
  XSAVE Features=0xf<XSAVEOPT,XSAVEC,XINUSE,XSAVES>
  IA32_ARCH_CAPS=0x6a<IBRS_ALL,SKIP_L1DFL_VME>
  VT-x: PAT,HLT,MTF,PAUSE,EPT,UG,VPID,VID,PostIntr
  TSC: P-state invariant, performance statistics
real memory  = 17179869184 (16384 MB)
avail memory = 16401453056 (15641 MB)
Event timer "LAPIC" quality 600
ACPI APIC Table: <INTEL  GLK-SOC >
WARNING: L1 data cache covers fewer APIC IDs than a core (0 < 1)
FreeBSD/SMP: Multiprocessor System Detected: 4 CPUs
FreeBSD/SMP: 1 package(s) x 4 core(s)
random: unblocking device.
ioapic0 <Version 2.0> irqs 0-119 on motherboard
Launching APs: 1 2 3
Timecounter "TSC" frequency 1785600000 Hz quality 1000
random: entropy device external interface
wlan: mac acl policy registered
kbd1 at kbdmux0
module_register_init: MOD_LOAD (vesa, 0xffffffff8128e7c0, 0) error 19
random: registering fast source Intel Secure Key RNG
random: fast provider: "Intel Secure Key RNG"
000.000054 [4336] netmap_init               netmap: loaded module
[ath_hal] loaded
nexus0
efirtc0: <EFI Realtime Clock> on motherboard
efirtc0: registered as a time-of-day clock, resolution 1.000000s
cryptosoft0: <software crypto> on motherboard
acpi0: <ALASKA A M I > on motherboard
acpi0: Power Button (fixed)
unknown: I/O range not supported
cpu0: <ACPI CPU> on acpi0
attimer0: <AT timer> port 0x40-0x43,0x50-0x53 irq 0 on acpi0
Timecounter "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 0
Event timer "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 100
atrtc0: <AT realtime clock> port 0x70-0x77 on acpi0
atrtc0: Warning: Couldn't map I/O.
atrtc0: registered as a time-of-day clock, resolution 1.000000s
Event timer "RTC" frequency 32768 Hz quality 0
hpet0: <High Precision Event Timer> iomem 0xfed00000-0xfed003ff irq 8 on acpi0
Timecounter "HPET" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 950
Event timer "HPET" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 550
Event timer "HPET1" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 440
Event timer "HPET2" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 440
Event timer "HPET3" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 440
Event timer "HPET4" frequency 19200000 Hz quality 440
Timecounter "ACPI-fast" frequency 3579545 Hz quality 900
acpi_timer0: <32-bit timer at 3.579545MHz> port 0x408-0x40b on acpi0
pcib0: <ACPI Host-PCI bridge> port 0xcf8-0xcff on acpi0
pcib0: Length mismatch for 3 range: 1 vs 1000000010000
pci0: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib0
vgapci0: <VGA-compatible display> port 0xf000-0xf03f mem 0xa0000000-0xa0ffffff,0x90000000-0x9fffffff at device 2.0 on pci0
vgapci0: Boot video device
pci0: <simple comms> at device 15.0 (no driver attached)
pcib1: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> at device 19.0 on pci0
pci1: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib1
nvme0: <Generic NVMe Device> mem 0xa1200000-0xa1203fff at device 0.0 on pci1
pcib2: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> at device 20.0 on pci0
pci2: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib2
re0: <Realtek PCIe 2.5GbE Family Controller> port 0xe000-0xe0ff mem 0xa1100000-0xa110ffff,0xa1110000-0xa1113fff at device 0.0 on pci2
re0: Using Memory Mapping!
re0: Using 1 MSI-X message
re0: ASPM disabled
re0: version:1.96.04
re0: Ethernet address: ...

This product is covered by one or more of the following patents:            
US6,570,884, US6,115,776, and US6,327,625.
re0: Ethernet address: ...
pcib3: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> at device 20.1 on pci0
pci3: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib3
re1: <Realtek PCIe 2.5GbE Family Controller> port 0xd000-0xd0ff mem 0xa1000000-0xa100ffff,0xa1010000-0xa1013fff at device 0.0 on pci3
re1: Using Memory Mapping!
re1: Using 1 MSI-X message
re1: ASPM disabled
re1: version:1.96.04
re1: Ethernet address: ...

This product is covered by one or more of the following patents:            
US6,570,884, US6,115,776, and US6,327,625.
re1: Ethernet address: ...
xhci0: <XHCI (generic) USB 3.0 controller> mem 0xa1300000-0xa130ffff irq 17 at device 21.0 on pci0
xhci0: 32 bytes context size, 64-bit DMA
usbus0 on xhci0
usbus0: 5.0Gbps Super Speed USB v3.0
isab0: <PCI-ISA bridge> at device 31.0 on pci0
isa0: <ISA bus> on isab0
acpi_button0: <Power Button> on acpi0
acpi_tz0: <Thermal Zone> on acpi0
atkbdc0: <Keyboard controller (i8042)> at port 0x60,0x64 on isa0
atkbd0: <AT Keyboard> irq 1 on atkbdc0
kbd0 at atkbd0
atkbd0: [GIANT-LOCKED]
est0: <Enhanced SpeedStep Frequency Control> on cpu0
Timecounters tick every 1.000 msec
ugen0.1: <0x8086 XHCI root HUB> at usbus0
uhub0: <0x8086 XHCI root HUB, class 9/0, rev 3.00/1.00, addr 1> on usbus0
nvd0: <CT500P1SSD8> NVMe namespace
nvd0: 476940MB (976773168 512 byte sectors)
Trying to mount root from ufs:/dev/gpt/rootfs [rw]...
uhub0: 16 ports with 16 removable, self powered
lo0: link state changed to UP
aesni0: <AES-CBC,AES-CCM,AES-GCM,AES-ICM,AES-XTS,SHA1,SHA256> on motherboard
coretemp0: <CPU On-Die Thermal Sensors> on cpu0
re1: link state changed to UP
re0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ipfw2 (+ipv6) initialized, divert loadable, nat loadable, default to accept, logging disabled
load_dn_sched dn_sched FIFO loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched QFQ loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched RR loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched WF2Q+ loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched PRIO loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched FQ_CODEL loaded
load_dn_sched dn_sched FQ_PIE loaded
load_dn_aqm dn_aqm CODEL loaded
load_dn_aqm dn_aqm PIE loaded
re1: link state changed to DOWN
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
re1: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
tun0: link state changed to UP
tun0: changing name to 'wg0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
wg0: deletion failed: 3
wg0: link state changed to DOWN
tun0: link state changed to UP
tun0: changing name to 'wg0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
in_scrubprefix: err=65, prefix delete failed
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
wg0: link state changed to DOWN
tun0: link state changed to UP
tun0: changing name to 'wg0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
wg0: link state changed to DOWN
tun0: link state changed to UP
tun0: changing name to 'wg0'
wg0: link state changed to DOWN
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
tun0: link state changed to UP
tun0: changing name to 'wg0'
wg0: link state changed to DOWN
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
tun0: link state changed to UP
tun0: changing name to 'wg0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
wg0: link state changed to DOWN
tun0: link state changed to UP
tun0: changing name to 'wg0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
wg0: link state changed to DOWN
tun0: link state changed to UP
tun0: changing name to 'wg0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
wg0: deletion failed: 3
wg0: link state changed to DOWN
tun0: link state changed to UP
tun0: changing name to 'wg0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
wg0: deletion failed: 3
wg0: link state changed to DOWN
tun0: link state changed to UP
tun0: changing name to 'wg0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
wg0: deletion failed: 3
wg0: link state changed to DOWN
tun0: link state changed to UP
tun0: changing name to 'wg0'
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
in_scrubprefix: err=65, prefix delete failed
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
wg0: link state changed to DOWN
