tun0: link state changed to DOWN
tun0: link state changed to UP
tun0: link state changed to DOWN
tun0: link state changed to UP
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
tun0: link state changed to DOWN
tun0: link state changed to UP
tun0: link state changed to DOWN
tun0: link state changed to UP
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
tun0: promiscuous mode enabled
tun0: promiscuous mode disabled
tun0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
tun0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
tun0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
tun0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
tun0: link state changed to DOWN
tun0: link state changed to UP
tun0: link state changed to DOWN
tun0: link state changed to UP
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
