uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
ugen5.2: <Unknown > at usbus5 (disconnected)
uhub_reattach_port: could not allocate new device
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usb_alloc_device: Failure selecting configuration index 0:USB_ERR_IOERROR, port 5, addr 2 (ignored)
ugen5.2: <vendor 0x091e product 0x2a60> at usbus5
ugen5.2: <vendor 0x091e product 0x2a60> at usbus5 (disconnected)
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usb_alloc_device: Failure selecting configuration index 0:USB_ERR_IOERROR, port 5, addr 2 (ignored)
ugen5.2: <vendor 0x091e product 0x2a60> at usbus5
ugen5.2: <vendor 0x091e product 0x2a60> at usbus5 (disconnected)
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usb_alloc_device: Failure selecting configuration index 0:USB_ERR_IOERROR, port 5, addr 2 (ignored)
ugen5.2: <vendor 0x091e product 0x2a60> at usbus5
ugen5.2: <vendor 0x091e product 0x2a60> at usbus5 (disconnected)
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usb_alloc_device: Failure selecting configuration index 0:USB_ERR_IOERROR, port 5, addr 2 (ignored)
ugen5.2: <vendor 0x091e product 0x2a60> at usbus5
ugen5.2: <vendor 0x091e product 0x2a60> at usbus5 (disconnected)
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usb_alloc_device: Failure selecting configuration index 0:USB_ERR_IOERROR, port 5, addr 2 (ignored)
ugen5.2: <vendor 0x091e product 0x2a60> at usbus5
ugen5.2: <vendor 0x091e product 0x2a60> at usbus5 (disconnected)
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
ugen5.2: <Unknown > at usbus5 (disconnected)
uhub_reattach_port: could not allocate new device
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usb_alloc_device: Failure selecting configuration index 0:USB_ERR_IOERROR, port 5, addr 2 (ignored)
ugen5.2: <vendor 0x091e product 0x2a60> at usbus5
ugen5.2: <vendor 0x091e product 0x2a60> at usbus5 (disconnected)
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usb_alloc_device: Failure selecting configuration index 0:USB_ERR_IOERROR, port 5, addr 2 (ignored)
ugen5.2: <vendor 0x091e product 0x2a60> at usbus5
ugen5.2: <vendor 0x091e product 0x2a60> at usbus5 (disconnected)
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usb_alloc_device: Failure selecting configuration index 0:USB_ERR_IOERROR, port 5, addr 2 (ignored)
ugen5.2: <vendor 0x091e product 0x2a60> at usbus5
ugen5.2: <vendor 0x091e product 0x2a60> at usbus5 (disconnected)
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usb_alloc_device: Failure selecting configuration index 0:USB_ERR_IOERROR, port 5, addr 2 (ignored)
ugen5.2: <vendor 0x091e product 0x2a60> at usbus5
ugen5.2: <vendor 0x091e product 0x2a60> at usbus5 (disconnected)
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usb_alloc_device: Failure selecting configuration index 0:USB_ERR_IOERROR, port 5, addr 2 (ignored)
ugen5.2: <vendor 0x091e product 0x2a60> at usbus5
ugen5.2: <vendor 0x091e product 0x2a60> at usbus5 (disconnected)
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=2, set address failed! (USB_ERR_IOERROR, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 2 failed, USB_ERR_IOERROR
usb_alloc_device: Failure selecting configuration index 0:USB_ERR_IOERROR, port 5, addr 2 (ignored)
ugen5.2: <vendor 0x091e product 0x2a60> at usbus5
ugen5.2: <vendor 0x091e product 0x2a60> at usbus5 (disconnected)
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
uhub_reattach_port: giving up port reset - device vanished
ugen3.2: <vendor 0x091e product 0x2a60> at usbus3
umass0 on uhub2
umass0: <vendor 0x091e product 0x2a60, class 0/0, rev 2.00/5.09, addr 2> on usbus3
umass0:  SCSI over Bulk-Only; quirks = 0xc100
umass0:4:0: Attached to scbus4
da1 at umass-sim0 bus 0 scbus4 target 0 lun 0
da1: <Garmin Approach S60 Fla 1.00> Removable Direct Access SPC-3 SCSI device
da1: 1.000MB/s transfers
da1: 984MB (2016768 512 byte sectors)
da1: quirks=0x2<NO_6_BYTE>
