em0: promiscuous mode enabled
em1: promiscuous mode enabled
lagg0: promiscuous mode enabled
vlan30: promiscuous mode enabled
vlan40: promiscuous mode enabled
lo0: promiscuous mode enabled
lo1: promiscuous mode enabled
em2: promiscuous mode enabled
re0: promiscuous mode enabled
vlan100: promiscuous mode enabled
vlan110: promiscuous mode enabled
vlan10: promiscuous mode enabled
vlan30: promiscuous mode disabled
em0: promiscuous mode disabled
em1: promiscuous mode disabled
lagg0: promiscuous mode disabled
vlan40: promiscuous mode disabled
lo0: promiscuous mode disabled
lo1: promiscuous mode disabled
em2: promiscuous mode disabled
vlan100: promiscuous mode disabled
vlan110: promiscuous mode disabled
vlan10: promiscuous mode disabled
re0: promiscuous mode disabled
em0: promiscuous mode enabled
em1: promiscuous mode enabled
lagg0: promiscuous mode enabled
vlan40: promiscuous mode enabled
em0: promiscuous mode disabled
em1: promiscuous mode disabled
lagg0: promiscuous mode disabled
vlan40: promiscuous mode disabled
em0: promiscuous mode enabled
em1: promiscuous mode enabled
lagg0: promiscuous mode enabled
vlan40: promiscuous mode enabled
em0: promiscuous mode disabled
em1: promiscuous mode disabled
lagg0: promiscuous mode disabled
vlan40: promiscuous mode disabled
em0: promiscuous mode enabled
em1: promiscuous mode enabled
lagg0: promiscuous mode enabled
vlan40: promiscuous mode enabled
em0: promiscuous mode disabled
em1: promiscuous mode disabled
lagg0: promiscuous mode disabled
vlan40: promiscuous mode disabled
em0: promiscuous mode enabled
em1: promiscuous mode enabled
lagg0: promiscuous mode enabled
vlan40: promiscuous mode enabled
em0: promiscuous mode disabled
em1: promiscuous mode disabled
lagg0: promiscuous mode disabled
vlan40: promiscuous mode disabled
