arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
ugen0.2: <American Megatrends Inc. Virtual Hub> at usbus0
uhub1 on uhub0
uhub1: <7-port Hub> on usbus0
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
uhub1: 5 ports with 5 removable, self powered
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
usb_msc_auto_quirk: UQ_MSC_NO_GETMAXLUN set for USB mass storage device American Megatrends Inc. Virtual Cdrom Device (0x046b:0xff20)
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
ugen0.3: <American Megatrends Inc. Virtual Cdrom Device> at usbus0
umass0 on uhub1
umass0: <Virtual Cdrom> on usbus0
umass0:  SCSI over Bulk-Only; quirks = 0x0100
umass0:7:0: Attached to scbus7
cd0 at umass-sim0 bus 0 scbus7 target 0 lun 0
cd0: <AMI Virtual CDROM0 1.00> Removable CD-ROM SCSI device
cd0: Serial Number...
cd0: 40.000MB/s transfers
cd0: Attempt to query device size failed: NOT READY, Medium not present
cd0: quirks=0x10<10_BYTE_ONLY>
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
usb_msc_auto_quirk: UQ_MSC_NO_GETMAXLUN set for USB mass storage device American Megatrends Inc. Virtual Floppy Device (0x046b:0xff40)
usb_msc_auto_quirk: UQ_MSC_NO_TEST_UNIT_READY set for USB mass storage device American Megatrends Inc. Virtual Floppy Device (0x046b:0xff40)
usb_msc_auto_quirk: UQ_MSC_NO_START_STOP set for USB mass storage device American Megatrends Inc. Virtual Floppy Device (0x046b:0xff40)
ugen0.4: <American Megatrends Inc. Virtual Floppy Device> at usbus0
umass1 on uhub1
umass1: <Virtual Floppy> on usbus0
umass1:  SCSI over Bulk-Only; quirks = 0x0105
umass1:8:1: Attached to scbus8
da0 at umass-sim1 bus 1 scbus8 target 0 lun 0
da0: <AMI Virtual Floppy0 1.00> Removable Direct Access SCSI device
da0: Serial Number...
da0: 40.000MB/s transfers
da0: Attempt to query device size failed: NOT READY, Medium not present
da0: quirks=0x2<NO_6_BYTE>
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
usb_msc_auto_quirk: UQ_MSC_NO_TEST_UNIT_READY set for USB mass storage device American Megatrends Inc. Virtual HardDisk Device (0x046b:0xff31)
usb_msc_auto_quirk: UQ_MSC_NO_START_STOP set for USB mass storage device American Megatrends Inc. Virtual HardDisk Device (0x046b:0xff31)
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
ugen0.5: <American Megatrends Inc. Virtual HardDisk Device> at usbus0
umass2 on uhub1
umass2: <Virtual HardDisk> on usbus0
umass2:  SCSI over Bulk-Only; quirks = 0x0005
umass2:9:2: Attached to scbus9
da1 at umass-sim2 bus 2 scbus9 target 0 lun 0
da1: <AMI Virtual HDisk0 1.00> Removable Direct Access SCSI device
da1: Serial Number...
da1: 40.000MB/s transfers
da1: Attempt to query device size failed: NOT READY, Medium not present
da1: quirks=0x2<NO_6_BYTE>
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
da2 at umass-sim2 bus 2 scbus9 target 0 lun 1
da2: <AMI Virtual HDisk1 1.00> Removable Direct Access SCSI device
da2: Serial Number...
da2: 40.000MB/s transfers
da2: Attempt to query device size failed: NOT READY, Medium not present
da2: quirks=0x2<NO_6_BYTE>
ugen0.6: <American Megatrends Inc. Virtual Keyboard and Mouse> at usbus0
ukbd0 on uhub1
ukbd0: <Keyboard Interface> on usbus0
kbd2 at ukbd0
ums0 on uhub1
ums0: <Mouse Interface> on usbus0
ums0: 3 buttons and [Z] coordinates ID=0
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
999.853770 [ 295] generic_netmap_unregister Emulated adapter for vlan07 deactivated
999.871728 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan07 destroyed
999.880782 [ 295] generic_netmap_unregister Emulated adapter for vlan04 deactivated
999.888751 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan04 destroyed
999.903444 [ 295] generic_netmap_unregister Emulated adapter for vlan012 deactivated
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
999.921895 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan012 destroyed
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
000.079622 [ 295] generic_netmap_unregister Emulated adapter for vlan014 deactivated
000.087676 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan014 destroyed
000.158919 [ 295] generic_netmap_unregister Emulated adapter for vlan010 deactivated
000.166966 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan010 destroyed
000.176238 [ 295] generic_netmap_unregister Emulated adapter for vlan011 deactivated
000.194795 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan011 destroyed
000.209820 [ 295] generic_netmap_unregister Emulated adapter for vlan06 deactivated
000.218991 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan06 destroyed
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
ovpns1: link state changed to DOWN
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `vnlru' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `syncer' to stop... 
Syncing disks, vnodes remaining... 2 arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
2 arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
2 arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
2 1 arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
0 arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
0 arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
0 0 arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
0 arprequest_internal: cannot find matching address
done
All buffers synced.
Uptime: 22m34s
---<<BOOT>>---
Copyright (c) 02B2-369B The FreeBSD Project.
Copyright (c) 1979, 1980, 1983, 1986, 1988, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994
	The Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved.
FreeBSD is a registered trademark of The FreeBSD Foundation.
FreeBSD 13.1-RELEASE-p7 stable/23.1-n250411-85724e9ce22 SMP amd64
FreeBSD clang version 13.0.0 (XXX@XXX:llvm/llvm-project.git llvmorg-13.0.0-0-gd7b669b3a303)
VT(vga): resolution 640x480
CPU: Intel(R) Xeon(R) E-2234 CPU @ 3.60GHz (3600.00-MHz K8-class CPU)
  Origin="GenuineIntel"  Id=0x906ea  Family=0x6  Model=0x9e  Stepping=10
  Features=0xbfebfbff<FPU,VME,DE,PSE,TSC,MSR,PAE,MCE,CX8,APIC,SEP,MTRR,PGE,MCA,CMOV,PAT,PSE36,CLFLUSH,DTS,ACPI,MMX,FXSR,SSE,SSE2,SS,HTT,TM,PBE>
  Features2=0x7ffafbff<SSE3,PCLMULQDQ,DTES64,MON,DS_CPL,VMX,SMX,EST,TM2,SSSE3,SDBG,FMA,CX16,xTPR,PDCM,PCID,SSE4.1,SSE4.2,x2APIC,MOVBE,POPCNT,TSCDLT,AESNI,XSAVE,OSXSAVE,AVX,F16C,RDRAND>
  AMD Features=0x2c100800<SYSCALL,NX,Page1GB,RDTSCP,LM>
  AMD Features2=0x121<LAHF,ABM,Prefetch>
  Structured Extended Features=0x29c6fbb<FSGSBASE,TSCADJ,BMI1,HLE,AVX2,SMEP,BMI2,ERMS,INVPCID,RTM,NFPUSG,MPX,RDSEED,ADX,SMAP,CLFLUSHOPT,PROCTRACE>
  Structured Extended Features3=0xbc002e00<MCUOPT,MD_CLEAR,TSXFA,IBPB,STIBP,L1DFL,ARCH_CAP,SSBD>
  XSAVE Features=0xf<XSAVEOPT,XSAVEC,XINUSE,XSAVES>
  IA32_ARCH_CAPS=0xc04<RSBA>
  VT-x: PAT,HLT,MTF,PAUSE,EPT,UG,VPID
  TSC: P-state invariant, performance statistics
real memory  = 17179869184 (16384 MB)
avail memory = 16500154368 (15735 MB)
Event timer "LAPIC" quality 600
ACPI APIC Table: <ALASKA A M I >
FreeBSD/SMP: Multiprocessor System Detected: 8 CPUs
FreeBSD/SMP: 1 package(s) x 4 core(s) x 2 hardware threads
random: registering fast source Intel Secure Key RNG
random: fast provider: "Intel Secure Key RNG"
random: unblocking device.
ioapic0 <Version 2.0> irqs 0-119
Launching APs: 1 3 2 4 5 6 7
random: entropy device external interface
wlan: mac acl policy registered
kbd1 at kbdmux0
WARNING: Device "spkr" is Giant locked and may be deleted before FreeBSD 14.0.
vtvga0: <VT VGA driver>
smbios0: <System Management BIOS> at iomem 0xf05e0-0xf05fe
smbios0: Version: 3.2, BCD Revision: 3.2
aesni0: <AES-CBC,AES-CCM,AES-GCM,AES-ICM,AES-XTS>
acpi0: <ALASKA A M I >
acpi0: Power Button (fixed)
cpu0: <ACPI CPU> on acpi0
hpet0: <High Precision Event Timer> iomem 0xfed00000-0xfed003ff on acpi0
Timecounter "HPET" frequency 24000000 Hz quality 950
Event timer "HPET" frequency 24000000 Hz quality 550
attimer0: <AT timer> port 0x40-0x43,0x50-0x53 irq 0 on acpi0
Timecounter "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 0
Event timer "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 100
Timecounter "ACPI-fast" frequency 3579545 Hz quality 900
acpi_timer0: <24-bit timer at 3.579545MHz> port 0x1808-0x180b on acpi0
isab0: <ACPI Generic ISA bridge> on acpi0
isa0: <ISA bus> on isab0
pcib0: <ACPI Host-PCI bridge> port 0xcf8-0xcff on acpi0
pci0: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib0
pcib1: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 16 at device 1.0 on pci0
pci1: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib1
pcib2: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> mem 0x94700000-0x9473ffff irq 16 at device 0.0 on pci1
pci2: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib2
pcib3: <PCI-PCI bridge> irq 16 at device 8.0 on pci2
pci3: <PCI bus> on pcib3
pcib4: <PCI-PCI bridge> irq 17 at device 9.0 on pci2
pcib5: <PCI-PCI bridge> irq 16 at device 16.0 on pci2
pci4: <PCI bus> on pcib5
ix0: <Intel(R) X520 82599ES (SFI/SFP+)> port 0x4020-0x403f mem 0x94580000-0x945fffff,0x94604000-0x94607fff irq 16 at device 0.0 on pci4
ix0: Using 2048 TX descriptors and 2048 RX descriptors
ix0: Using 4 RX queues 4 TX queues
ix0: Using MSI-X interrupts with 5 vectors
ix0: allocated for 4 queues
ix0: allocated for 4 rx queues
ix0: Ethernet address: ...
ix0: PCI Express Bus: Speed 5.0GT/s Width x8
ix0: Option ROM V1-b1197-p0 eTrack 0x00012b2c PHY FW V65535
ix0: netmap queues/slots: TX 4/2048, RX 4/2048
ix1: <Intel(R) X520 82599ES (SFI/SFP+)> port 0x4000-0x401f mem 0x94480000-0x944fffff,0x94600000-0x94603fff irq 17 at device 0.1 on pci4
ix1: Using 2048 TX descriptors and 2048 RX descriptors
ix1: Using 4 RX queues 4 TX queues
ix1: Using MSI-X interrupts with 5 vectors
ix1: allocated for 4 queues
ix1: allocated for 4 rx queues
ix1: Ethernet address: ...
ix1: PCI Express Bus: Speed 5.0GT/s Width x8
ix1: Option ROM V1-b1197-p0 eTrack 0x00012b2c PHY FW V65535
ix1: netmap queues/slots: TX 4/2048, RX 4/2048
pcib6: <PCI-PCI bridge> irq 17 at device 17.0 on pci2
pci5: <PCI bus> on pcib6
ix2: <Intel(R) X520 82599ES (SFI/SFP+)> port 0x3020-0x303f mem 0x94280000-0x942fffff,0x94304000-0x94307fff irq 17 at device 0.0 on pci5
ix2: Using 2048 TX descriptors and 2048 RX descriptors
ix2: Using 4 RX queues 4 TX queues
ix2: Using MSI-X interrupts with 5 vectors
ix2: allocated for 4 queues
ix2: allocated for 4 rx queues
ix2: Ethernet address: ...
ix2: PCI Express Bus: Speed 5.0GT/s Width x8
ix2: Option ROM V1-b1197-p0 eTrack 0x00012b2c PHY FW V65535
ix2: netmap queues/slots: TX 4/2048, RX 4/2048
ix3: <Intel(R) X520 82599ES (SFI/SFP+)> port 0x3000-0x301f mem 0x94180000-0x941fffff,0x94300000-0x94303fff irq 18 at device 0.1 on pci5
ix3: Using 2048 TX descriptors and 2048 RX descriptors
ix3: Using 4 RX queues 4 TX queues
ix3: Using MSI-X interrupts with 5 vectors
ix3: allocated for 4 queues
ix3: allocated for 4 rx queues
ix3: Ethernet address: ...
ix3: PCI Express Bus: Speed 5.0GT/s Width x8
ix3: Option ROM V1-b1197-p0 eTrack 0x00012b2c PHY FW V65535
ix3: netmap queues/slots: TX 4/2048, RX 4/2048
xhci0: <Intel Cannon Lake USB 3.1 controller> mem 0x94c00000-0x94c0ffff irq 16 at device 20.0 on pci0
xhci0: 32 bytes context size, 64-bit DMA
usbus0 on xhci0
usbus0: 5.0Gbps Super Speed USB v3.0
pci0: <memory, RAM> at device 20.2 (no driver attached)
pci0: <serial bus> at device 21.0 (no driver attached)
pci0: <serial bus> at device 21.1 (no driver attached)
pci0: <simple comms> at device 22.0 (no driver attached)
pci0: <simple comms> at device 22.4 (no driver attached)
ahci0: <Intel Cannon Lake AHCI SATA controller> port 0xa050-0xa057,0xa040-0xa043,0xa020-0xa03f mem 0x94c10000-0x94c11fff,0x94c17000-0x94c170ff,0x94c16000-0x94c167ff irq 16 at device 23.0 on pci0
ahci0: AHCI v1.31 with 6 6Gbps ports, Port Multiplier not supported
ahcich0: <AHCI channel> at channel 0 on ahci0
ahcich1: <AHCI channel> at channel 1 on ahci0
ahcich2: <AHCI channel> at channel 2 on ahci0
ahcich3: <AHCI channel> at channel 3 on ahci0
ahcich4: <AHCI channel> at channel 4 on ahci0
ahcich5: <AHCI channel> at channel 5 on ahci0
ahciem0: <AHCI enclosure management bridge> on ahci0
pcib7: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 16 at device 27.0 on pci0
pci6: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib7
igb0: <Intel(R) I210 (Copper)> port 0x9000-0x901f mem 0x94b00000-0x94b7ffff,0x94b80000-0x94b83fff irq 16 at device 0.0 on pci6
igb0: PHY reset is blocked due to SOL/IDER session.
igb0: EEPROM V3.25-0 eTrack 0x800005cc
igb0: Using 1024 TX descriptors and 1024 RX descriptors
igb0: Using 4 RX queues 4 TX queues
igb0: Using MSI-X interrupts with 5 vectors
igb0: Ethernet address: ...
igb0: netmap queues/slots: TX 4/1024, RX 4/1024
pcib8: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 17 at device 27.5 on pci0
pci7: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib8
igb1: <Intel(R) I210 (Copper)> port 0x8000-0x801f mem 0x94a00000-0x94a7ffff,0x94a80000-0x94a83fff irq 17 at device 0.0 on pci7
igb1: PHY reset is blocked due to SOL/IDER session.
igb1: EEPROM V3.25-0 eTrack 0x800005cc
igb1: Using 1024 TX descriptors and 1024 RX descriptors
igb1: Using 4 RX queues 4 TX queues
igb1: Using MSI-X interrupts with 5 vectors
igb1: Ethernet address: ...
igb1: netmap queues/slots: TX 4/1024, RX 4/1024
pcib9: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 18 at device 27.6 on pci0
pci8: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib9
igb2: <Intel(R) I210 (Copper)> port 0x7000-0x701f mem 0x94900000-0x9497ffff,0x94980000-0x94983fff irq 18 at device 0.0 on pci8
igb2: EEPROM V3.25-0 eTrack 0x800005d0
igb2: Using 1024 TX descriptors and 1024 RX descriptors
igb2: Using 4 RX queues 4 TX queues
igb2: Using MSI-X interrupts with 5 vectors
igb2: Ethernet address: ...
igb2: netmap queues/slots: TX 4/1024, RX 4/1024
pcib10: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 19 at device 27.7 on pci0
pci9: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib10
igb3: <Intel(R) I210 (Copper)> port 0x6000-0x601f mem 0x94800000-0x9487ffff,0x94880000-0x94883fff irq 19 at device 0.0 on pci9
igb3: EEPROM V3.25-0 eTrack 0x800005d0
igb3: Using 1024 TX descriptors and 1024 RX descriptors
igb3: Using 4 RX queues 4 TX queues
igb3: Using MSI-X interrupts with 5 vectors
igb3: Ethernet address: ...
igb3: netmap queues/slots: TX 4/1024, RX 4/1024
pcib11: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 16 at device 28.0 on pci0
pci10: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib11
pcib12: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 16 at device 0.0 on pci10
pci11: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib12
vgapci0: <VGA-compatible display> port 0x5000-0x507f mem 0x90000000-0x93ffffff,0x94000000-0x9401ffff irq 16 at device 0.0 on pci11
vgapci0: Boot video device
pci0: <simple comms> at device 30.0 (no driver attached)
isab1: <PCI-ISA bridge> at device 31.0 on pci0
device_attach: isab1 attach returned 6
pci0: <serial bus> at device 31.5 (no driver attached)
acpi_button0: <Sleep Button> on acpi0
apei0: <ACPI Platform Error Interface> on acpi0
acpi_tz0: <Thermal Zone> on acpi0
uart0: <16550 or compatible> port 0x3f8-0x3ff irq 4 flags 0x10 on acpi0
uart0: console (115200,n,8,1)
uart1: <16550 or compatible> port 0x2f8-0x2ff irq 3 on acpi0
acpi_syscontainer0: <System Container> on acpi0
orm0: <ISA Option ROM> at iomem 0xc0000-0xc7fff pnpid ORM0000 on isa0
atrtc0: <AT realtime clock> at port 0x70 irq 8 on isa0
atrtc0: Warning: Couldn't map I/O.
atrtc0: registered as a time-of-day clock, resolution 1.000000s
Event timer "RTC" frequency 32768 Hz quality 0
hwpstate_intel0: <Intel Speed Shift> on cpu0
hwpstate_intel1: <Intel Speed Shift> on cpu1
hwpstate_intel2: <Intel Speed Shift> on cpu2
hwpstate_intel3: <Intel Speed Shift> on cpu3
hwpstate_intel4: <Intel Speed Shift> on cpu4
hwpstate_intel5: <Intel Speed Shift> on cpu5
hwpstate_intel6: <Intel Speed Shift> on cpu6
hwpstate_intel7: <Intel Speed Shift> on cpu7
Timecounter "TSC-low" frequency 1799999615 Hz quality 1000
Timecounters tick every 1.000 msec
ZFS filesystem version: 5
ZFS storage pool version: features support (5000)
ses0 at ahciem0 bus 0 scbus6 target 0 lun 0
ses0: <AHCI SGPIO Enclosure 2.00 0001> SEMB S-E-S 2.00 device
ses0: SEMB SES Device
ada0 at ahcich4 bus 0 scbus4 target 0 lun 0
ada0: <TS120GMTS420S T1125A0> ACS-3 ATA SATA 3.x device
ada0: Serial Number...
ada0: 600.000MB/s transfers (SATA 3.x, UDMA6, PIO 512bytes)
ada0: Command Queueing enabled
ada0: 114473MB (234441648 512 byte sectors)
ses0: ada0 in 'Slot 04', SATA Slot: scbus4 target 0
ada1 at ahcich5 bus 0 scbus5 target 0 lun 0
ada1: <TS120GMTS420S T1125A0> ACS-3 ATA SATA 3.x device
ada1: Serial Number...
ada1: 600.000MB/s transfers (SATA 3.x, UDMA6, PIO 512bytes)
ada1: Command Queueing enabled
ada1: 114473MB (234441648 512 byte sectors)
ses0: ada1,pass1 in 'Slot 05', SATA Slot: scbus5 target 0
isab1: <PCI-ISA bridge> at device 31.0 on pci0
device_attach: isab1 attach returned 6
Trying to mount root from zfs:zroot/ROOT/default []...
ugen0.1: <Intel XHCI root HUB> at usbus0
uhub0 on usbus0
uhub0: <Intel XHCI root HUB, class 9/0, rev 3.00/1.00, addr 1> on usbus0
Root mount waiting for: usbus0
uhub0: 22 ports with 22 removable, self powered
ugen0.2: <American Megatrends Inc. Virtual Hub> at usbus0
uhub1 on uhub0
uhub1: <7-port Hub> on usbus0
Root mount waiting for: usbus0
uhub1: 5 ports with 5 removable, self powered
Root mount waiting for: usbus0
usb_msc_auto_quirk: UQ_MSC_NO_GETMAXLUN set for USB mass storage device American Megatrends Inc. Virtual Cdrom Device (0x046b:0xff20)
ugen0.3: <American Megatrends Inc. Virtual Cdrom Device> at usbus0
umass0 on uhub1
umass0: <Virtual Cdrom> on usbus0
umass0:  SCSI over Bulk-Only; quirks = 0x0100
umass0:7:0: Attached to scbus7
cd0 at umass-sim0 bus 0 scbus7 target 0 lun 0
cd0: <AMI Virtual CDROM0 1.00> Removable CD-ROM SCSI device
cd0: Serial Number...
cd0: 40.000MB/s transfers
cd0: Attempt to query device size failed: NOT READY, Medium not present
cd0: quirks=0x10<10_BYTE_ONLY>
Root mount waiting for: usbus0
usb_msc_auto_quirk: UQ_MSC_NO_GETMAXLUN set for USB mass storage device American Megatrends Inc. Virtual Floppy Device (0x046b:0xff40)
usb_msc_auto_quirk: UQ_MSC_NO_TEST_UNIT_READY set for USB mass storage device American Megatrends Inc. Virtual Floppy Device (0x046b:0xff40)
usb_msc_auto_quirk: UQ_MSC_NO_START_STOP set for USB mass storage device American Megatrends Inc. Virtual Floppy Device (0x046b:0xff40)
ugen0.4: <American Megatrends Inc. Virtual Floppy Device> at usbus0
umass1 on uhub1
umass1: <Virtual Floppy> on usbus0
umass1:  SCSI over Bulk-Only; quirks = 0x0105
umass1:8:1: Attached to scbus8
da0 at umass-sim1 bus 1 scbus8 target 0 lun 0
da0: <AMI Virtual Floppy0 1.00> Removable Direct Access SCSI device
da0: Serial Number...
da0: 40.000MB/s transfers
da0: Attempt to query device size failed: NOT READY, Medium not present
da0: quirks=0x2<NO_6_BYTE>
Root mount waiting for: usbus0
usb_msc_auto_quirk: UQ_MSC_NO_TEST_UNIT_READY set for USB mass storage device American Megatrends Inc. Virtual HardDisk Device (0x046b:0xff31)
usb_msc_auto_quirk: UQ_MSC_NO_START_STOP set for USB mass storage device American Megatrends Inc. Virtual HardDisk Device (0x046b:0xff31)
ugen0.5: <American Megatrends Inc. Virtual HardDisk Device> at usbus0
umass2 on uhub1
umass2: <Virtual HardDisk> on usbus0
umass2:  SCSI over Bulk-Only; quirks = 0x0005
umass2:9:2: Attached to scbus9
da1 at umass-sim2 bus 2 scbus9 target 0 lun 0
da1: <AMI Virtual HDisk0 1.00> Removable Direct Access SCSI device
da1: Serial Number...
da1: 40.000MB/s transfers
da1: Attempt to query device size failed: NOT READY, Medium not present
da1: quirks=0x2<NO_6_BYTE>
da2 at umass-sim2 bus 2 scbus9 target 0 lun 1
da2: <AMI Virtual HDisk1 1.00> Removable Direct Access SCSI device
da2: Serial Number...
da2: 40.000MB/s transfers
da2: Attempt to query device size failed: NOT READY, Medium not present
da2: quirks=0x2<NO_6_BYTE>
ugen0.6: <American Megatrends Inc. Virtual Keyboard and Mouse> at usbus0
ukbd0 on uhub1
ukbd0: <Keyboard Interface> on usbus0
kbd2 at ukbd0
Dual Console: Video Primary, Serial Secondary
pchtherm0: <CannonLake-H Thermal Subsystem> mem 0x94c1d000-0x94c1dfff irq 16 at device 18.0 on pci0
isab1: <PCI-ISA bridge> at device 31.0 on pci0
device_attach: isab1 attach returned 6
ig4iic0: <Intel Cannon Lake-H I2C Controller-0> at device 21.0 on pci0
ig4iic0: Using MSI
iicbus0: <Philips I2C bus (ACPI-hinted)> on ig4iic0
ig4iic1: <Intel Cannon Lake-H I2C Controller-1> at device 21.1 on pci0
ig4iic1: Using MSI
iicbus1: <Philips I2C bus (ACPI-hinted)> on ig4iic1
isab1: <PCI-ISA bridge> at device 31.0 on pci0
device_attach: isab1 attach returned 6
isab1: <PCI-ISA bridge> at device 31.0 on pci0
device_attach: isab1 attach returned 6
ichsmb0: <Intel Cannon Lake SMBus controller> port 0xefa0-0xefbf mem 0x94c14000-0x94c140ff irq 16 at device 31.4 on pci0
smbus0: <System Management Bus> on ichsmb0
acpi_wmi0: <ACPI-WMI mapping> on acpi0
acpi_wmi0: cannot find EC device
acpi_wmi0: Embedded MOF found
ACPI: \134_SB.WFDE.WQCC: 1 arguments were passed to a non-method ACPI object (Buffer) (20201113/nsarguments-361)
acpi_wmi1: <ACPI-WMI mapping> on acpi0
acpi_wmi1: cannot find EC device
acpi_wmi1: Embedded MOF found
ACPI: \134_SB.WFTE.WQCC: 1 arguments were passed to a non-method ACPI object (Buffer) (20201113/nsarguments-361)
ums0 on uhub1
ums0: <Mouse Interface> on usbus0
ums0: 3 buttons and [Z] coordinates ID=0
lo0: link state changed to UP
isab1: <PCI-ISA bridge> at device 31.0 on pci0
device_attach: isab1 attach returned 6
coretemp0: <CPU On-Die Thermal Sensors> on cpu0
pflog0: permanently promiscuous mode enabled
lagg0: link state changed to DOWN
vlan0: changing name to 'vlan01'
vlan1: changing name to 'vlan010'
vlan2: changing name to 'vlan011'
vlan3: changing name to 'vlan012'
vlan4: changing name to 'vlan013'
vlan5: changing name to 'vlan014'
vlan6: changing name to 'vlan02'
vlan7: changing name to 'vlan04'
vlan8: changing name to 'vlan06'
vlan9: changing name to 'vlan07'
ix3: link state changed to UP
vlan011: link state changed to UP
vlan07: link state changed to UP
vlan010: link state changed to UP
vlan014: link state changed to UP
vlan04: link state changed to UP
vlan012: link state changed to UP
ix0: promiscuous mode enabled
ix1: promiscuous mode enabled
lagg0: promiscuous mode enabled
vlan02: promiscuous mode enabled
carp: demoted by 240 to 240 (interface down)
carp: demoted by 240 to 480 (pfsync bulk start)
vlan04: permanently promiscuous mode enabled
ix3: promiscuous mode enabled
carp: XXX@XXX: INIT -> BACKUP (initialization complete)
vlan07: promiscuous mode enabled
carp: XXX@XXX: INIT -> BACKUP (initialization complete)
vlan010: promiscuous mode enabled
carp: XXX@XXX: INIT -> BACKUP (initialization complete)
vlan06: promiscuous mode enabled
carp: demoted by 240 to 720 (interface down)
vlan013: promiscuous mode enabled
carp: demoted by 240 to 960 (interface down)
bridge0: Ethernet address: ...
vlan012: promiscuous mode enabled
bridge0: link state changed to UP
igb0: promiscuous mode enabled
igb1: promiscuous mode enabled
igb2: promiscuous mode enabled
igb3: promiscuous mode enabled
bridge0: promiscuous mode enabled
carp: XXX@XXX: INIT -> BACKUP (initialization complete)
tun1: changing name to 'ovpns1'
ovpns1: link state changed to UP
WARNING: attempt to domain_add(netgraph) after domainfinalize()
163.084055 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan012 created (prev was NULL)
163.093214 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan012 destroyed
163.101891 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan012 created (prev was NULL)
163.452636 [ 320] generic_netmap_register   Emulated adapter for vlan012 activated
163.460608 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan04 created (prev was NULL)
163.469694 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan04 destroyed
163.478186 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan014 created (prev was NULL)
163.487378 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan014 destroyed
163.506514 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan07 created (prev was NULL)
163.515574 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan07 destroyed
163.524113 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan07 created (prev was NULL)
163.533252 [ 320] generic_netmap_register   Emulated adapter for vlan07 activated
163.541125 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan04 created (prev was NULL)
163.560791 [ 320] generic_netmap_register   Emulated adapter for vlan04 activated
163.568654 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan06 created (prev was NULL)
163.577733 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan06 destroyed
163.586201 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan014 created (prev was NULL)
163.605995 [ 320] generic_netmap_register   Emulated adapter for vlan014 activated
163.613952 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan06 created (prev was NULL)
163.623075 [ 320] generic_netmap_register   Emulated adapter for vlan06 activated
163.631011 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan010 created (prev was NULL)
163.640183 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan010 destroyed
163.659712 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan010 created (prev was NULL)
163.668956 [ 320] generic_netmap_register   Emulated adapter for vlan010 activated
163.676887 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan011 created (prev was NULL)
163.686209 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan011 destroyed
163.705401 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan011 created (prev was NULL)
163.714613 [ 320] generic_netmap_register   Emulated adapter for vlan011 activated
carp: demoted by -240 to 720 (pfsync bulk fail)
ugen0.2: <American Megatrends Inc. Virtual Hub> at usbus0 (disconnected)
uhub1: at uhub0, port 9, addr 1 (disconnected)
ugen0.3: <American Megatrends Inc. Virtual Cdrom Device> at usbus0 (disconnected)
umass0: at uhub1, port 1, addr 2 (disconnected)
cd0 at umass-sim0 bus 0 scbus7 target 0 lun 0
cd0: <AMI Virtual CDROM0 1.00>  s/n ... detached
(cd0:umass-sim0:0:0:0): Periph destroyed
umass0: detached
ugen0.4: <American Megatrends Inc. Virtual Floppy Device> at usbus0 (disconnected)
umass1: at uhub1, port 2, addr 3 (disconnected)
da0 at umass-sim1 bus 1 scbus8 target 0 lun 0
da0: <AMI Virtual Floppy0 1.00>  s/n ... detached
(da0:umass-sim1:1:0:0): Periph destroyed
umass1: detached
ugen0.5: <American Megatrends Inc. Virtual HardDisk Device> at usbus0 (disconnected)
umass2: at uhub1, port 3, addr 4 (disconnected)
da1 at umass-sim2 bus 2 scbus9 target 0 lun 0
da1: <AMI Virtual HDisk0 1.00>  s/n ... detached
da2 at umass-sim2 bus 2 scbus9 target 0 lun 1
da2: <AMI Virtual HDisk1 1.00>  s/n ... detached
(da1:umass-sim2:2:0:0): Periph destroyed
(da2:umass-sim2:2:0:1): Periph destroyed
umass2: detached
ugen0.6: <American Megatrends Inc. Virtual Keyboard and Mouse> at usbus0 (disconnected)
ukbd0: at uhub1, port 4, addr 5 (disconnected)
ukbd0: detached
ums0: at uhub1, port 4, addr 5 (disconnected)
ums0: detached
uhub1: detached
ix2: promiscuous mode enabled
ix0: promiscuous mode disabled
ix1: promiscuous mode disabled
lagg0: promiscuous mode disabled
ix1: link state changed to UP
ix1: promiscuous mode enabled
ix2: promiscuous mode disabled
347.663884 [ 295] generic_netmap_unregister Emulated adapter for vlan012 deactivated
347.672028 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan012 destroyed
347.734172 [ 295] generic_netmap_unregister Emulated adapter for vlan04 deactivated
347.742129 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan04 destroyed
347.914359 [ 295] generic_netmap_unregister Emulated adapter for vlan014 deactivated
347.922515 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan014 destroyed
347.946178 [ 295] generic_netmap_unregister Emulated adapter for vlan07 deactivated
347.954138 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan07 destroyed
348.029942 [ 295] generic_netmap_unregister Emulated adapter for vlan06 deactivated
348.037934 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan06 destroyed
348.052645 [ 295] generic_netmap_unregister Emulated adapter for vlan010 deactivated
348.071203 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan010 destroyed
348.301899 [ 295] generic_netmap_unregister Emulated adapter for vlan011 deactivated
348.311490 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan011 destroyed
ovpns1: link state changed to DOWN
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `vnlru' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `syncer' to stop... 
Syncing disks, vnodes remaining... 2 2 2 0 0 0 0 0 done
All buffers synced.
Uptime: 21m9s
---<<BOOT>>---
Copyright (c) 02B2-369B The FreeBSD Project.
Copyright (c) 1979, 1980, 1983, 1986, 1988, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994
	The Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved.
FreeBSD is a registered trademark of The FreeBSD Foundation.
FreeBSD 13.1-RELEASE-p7 stable/23.1-n250411-85724e9ce22 SMP amd64
FreeBSD clang version 13.0.0 (XXX@XXX:llvm/llvm-project.git llvmorg-13.0.0-0-gd7b669b3a303)
VT(vga): resolution 640x480
CPU: Intel(R) Xeon(R) E-2234 CPU @ 3.60GHz (3600.00-MHz K8-class CPU)
  Origin="GenuineIntel"  Id=0x906ea  Family=0x6  Model=0x9e  Stepping=10
  Features=0xbfebfbff<FPU,VME,DE,PSE,TSC,MSR,PAE,MCE,CX8,APIC,SEP,MTRR,PGE,MCA,CMOV,PAT,PSE36,CLFLUSH,DTS,ACPI,MMX,FXSR,SSE,SSE2,SS,HTT,TM,PBE>
  Features2=0x7ffafbff<SSE3,PCLMULQDQ,DTES64,MON,DS_CPL,VMX,SMX,EST,TM2,SSSE3,SDBG,FMA,CX16,xTPR,PDCM,PCID,SSE4.1,SSE4.2,x2APIC,MOVBE,POPCNT,TSCDLT,AESNI,XSAVE,OSXSAVE,AVX,F16C,RDRAND>
  AMD Features=0x2c100800<SYSCALL,NX,Page1GB,RDTSCP,LM>
  AMD Features2=0x121<LAHF,ABM,Prefetch>
  Structured Extended Features=0x29c6fbb<FSGSBASE,TSCADJ,BMI1,HLE,AVX2,SMEP,BMI2,ERMS,INVPCID,RTM,NFPUSG,MPX,RDSEED,ADX,SMAP,CLFLUSHOPT,PROCTRACE>
  Structured Extended Features3=0xbc002e00<MCUOPT,MD_CLEAR,TSXFA,IBPB,STIBP,L1DFL,ARCH_CAP,SSBD>
  XSAVE Features=0xf<XSAVEOPT,XSAVEC,XINUSE,XSAVES>
  IA32_ARCH_CAPS=0xc04<RSBA>
  VT-x: PAT,HLT,MTF,PAUSE,EPT,UG,VPID
  TSC: P-state invariant, performance statistics
real memory  = 17179869184 (16384 MB)
avail memory = 16500154368 (15735 MB)
Event timer "LAPIC" quality 600
ACPI APIC Table: <ALASKA A M I >
FreeBSD/SMP: Multiprocessor System Detected: 8 CPUs
FreeBSD/SMP: 1 package(s) x 4 core(s) x 2 hardware threads
random: registering fast source Intel Secure Key RNG
random: fast provider: "Intel Secure Key RNG"
random: unblocking device.
ioapic0 <Version 2.0> irqs 0-119
Launching APs: 1 5 6 2 3 4 7
random: entropy device external interface
wlan: mac acl policy registered
kbd1 at kbdmux0
WARNING: Device "spkr" is Giant locked and may be deleted before FreeBSD 14.0.
vtvga0: <VT VGA driver>
smbios0: <System Management BIOS> at iomem 0xf05e0-0xf05fe
smbios0: Version: 3.2, BCD Revision: 3.2
aesni0: <AES-CBC,AES-CCM,AES-GCM,AES-ICM,AES-XTS>
acpi0: <ALASKA A M I >
acpi0: Power Button (fixed)
cpu0: <ACPI CPU> on acpi0
hpet0: <High Precision Event Timer> iomem 0xfed00000-0xfed003ff on acpi0
Timecounter "HPET" frequency 24000000 Hz quality 950
Event timer "HPET" frequency 24000000 Hz quality 550
attimer0: <AT timer> port 0x40-0x43,0x50-0x53 irq 0 on acpi0
Timecounter "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 0
Event timer "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 100
Timecounter "ACPI-fast" frequency 3579545 Hz quality 900
acpi_timer0: <24-bit timer at 3.579545MHz> port 0x1808-0x180b on acpi0
isab0: <ACPI Generic ISA bridge> on acpi0
isa0: <ISA bus> on isab0
pcib0: <ACPI Host-PCI bridge> port 0xcf8-0xcff on acpi0
pci0: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib0
pcib1: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 16 at device 1.0 on pci0
pci1: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib1
pcib2: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> mem 0x94700000-0x9473ffff irq 16 at device 0.0 on pci1
pci2: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib2
pcib3: <PCI-PCI bridge> irq 16 at device 8.0 on pci2
pci3: <PCI bus> on pcib3
pcib4: <PCI-PCI bridge> irq 17 at device 9.0 on pci2
pcib5: <PCI-PCI bridge> irq 16 at device 16.0 on pci2
pci4: <PCI bus> on pcib5
ix0: <Intel(R) X520 82599ES (SFI/SFP+)> port 0x4020-0x403f mem 0x94580000-0x945fffff,0x94604000-0x94607fff irq 16 at device 0.0 on pci4
ix0: Using 2048 TX descriptors and 2048 RX descriptors
ix0: Using 4 RX queues 4 TX queues
ix0: Using MSI-X interrupts with 5 vectors
ix0: allocated for 4 queues
ix0: allocated for 4 rx queues
ix0: Ethernet address: ...
ix0: PCI Express Bus: Speed 5.0GT/s Width x8
ix0: Option ROM V1-b1197-p0 eTrack 0x00012b2c PHY FW V65535
ix0: netmap queues/slots: TX 4/2048, RX 4/2048
ix1: <Intel(R) X520 82599ES (SFI/SFP+)> port 0x4000-0x401f mem 0x94480000-0x944fffff,0x94600000-0x94603fff irq 17 at device 0.1 on pci4
ix1: Using 2048 TX descriptors and 2048 RX descriptors
ix1: Using 4 RX queues 4 TX queues
ix1: Using MSI-X interrupts with 5 vectors
ix1: allocated for 4 queues
ix1: allocated for 4 rx queues
ix1: Ethernet address: ...
ix1: PCI Express Bus: Speed 5.0GT/s Width x8
ix1: Option ROM V1-b1197-p0 eTrack 0x00012b2c PHY FW V65535
ix1: netmap queues/slots: TX 4/2048, RX 4/2048
pcib6: <PCI-PCI bridge> irq 17 at device 17.0 on pci2
pci5: <PCI bus> on pcib6
ix2: <Intel(R) X520 82599ES (SFI/SFP+)> port 0x3020-0x303f mem 0x94280000-0x942fffff,0x94304000-0x94307fff irq 17 at device 0.0 on pci5
ix2: Using 2048 TX descriptors and 2048 RX descriptors
ix2: Using 4 RX queues 4 TX queues
ix2: Using MSI-X interrupts with 5 vectors
ix2: allocated for 4 queues
ix2: allocated for 4 rx queues
ix2: Ethernet address: ...
ix2: PCI Express Bus: Speed 5.0GT/s Width x8
ix2: Option ROM V1-b1197-p0 eTrack 0x00012b2c PHY FW V65535
ix2: netmap queues/slots: TX 4/2048, RX 4/2048
ix3: <Intel(R) X520 82599ES (SFI/SFP+)> port 0x3000-0x301f mem 0x94180000-0x941fffff,0x94300000-0x94303fff irq 18 at device 0.1 on pci5
ix3: Using 2048 TX descriptors and 2048 RX descriptors
ix3: Using 4 RX queues 4 TX queues
ix3: Using MSI-X interrupts with 5 vectors
ix3: allocated for 4 queues
ix3: allocated for 4 rx queues
ix3: Ethernet address: ...
ix3: PCI Express Bus: Speed 5.0GT/s Width x8
ix3: Option ROM V1-b1197-p0 eTrack 0x00012b2c PHY FW V65535
ix3: netmap queues/slots: TX 4/2048, RX 4/2048
xhci0: <Intel Cannon Lake USB 3.1 controller> mem 0x94c00000-0x94c0ffff irq 16 at device 20.0 on pci0
xhci0: 32 bytes context size, 64-bit DMA
usbus0 on xhci0
usbus0: 5.0Gbps Super Speed USB v3.0
pci0: <memory, RAM> at device 20.2 (no driver attached)
pci0: <serial bus> at device 21.0 (no driver attached)
pci0: <serial bus> at device 21.1 (no driver attached)
pci0: <simple comms> at device 22.0 (no driver attached)
pci0: <simple comms> at device 22.4 (no driver attached)
ahci0: <Intel Cannon Lake AHCI SATA controller> port 0xa050-0xa057,0xa040-0xa043,0xa020-0xa03f mem 0x94c10000-0x94c11fff,0x94c17000-0x94c170ff,0x94c16000-0x94c167ff irq 16 at device 23.0 on pci0
ahci0: AHCI v1.31 with 6 6Gbps ports, Port Multiplier not supported
ahcich0: <AHCI channel> at channel 0 on ahci0
ahcich1: <AHCI channel> at channel 1 on ahci0
ahcich2: <AHCI channel> at channel 2 on ahci0
ahcich3: <AHCI channel> at channel 3 on ahci0
ahcich4: <AHCI channel> at channel 4 on ahci0
ahcich5: <AHCI channel> at channel 5 on ahci0
ahciem0: <AHCI enclosure management bridge> on ahci0
pcib7: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 16 at device 27.0 on pci0
pci6: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib7
igb0: <Intel(R) I210 (Copper)> port 0x9000-0x901f mem 0x94b00000-0x94b7ffff,0x94b80000-0x94b83fff irq 16 at device 0.0 on pci6
igb0: PHY reset is blocked due to SOL/IDER session.
igb0: EEPROM V3.25-0 eTrack 0x800005cc
igb0: Using 1024 TX descriptors and 1024 RX descriptors
igb0: Using 4 RX queues 4 TX queues
igb0: Using MSI-X interrupts with 5 vectors
igb0: Ethernet address: ...
igb0: netmap queues/slots: TX 4/1024, RX 4/1024
pcib8: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 17 at device 27.5 on pci0
pci7: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib8
igb1: <Intel(R) I210 (Copper)> port 0x8000-0x801f mem 0x94a00000-0x94a7ffff,0x94a80000-0x94a83fff irq 17 at device 0.0 on pci7
igb1: PHY reset is blocked due to SOL/IDER session.
igb1: EEPROM V3.25-0 eTrack 0x800005cc
igb1: Using 1024 TX descriptors and 1024 RX descriptors
igb1: Using 4 RX queues 4 TX queues
igb1: Using MSI-X interrupts with 5 vectors
igb1: Ethernet address: ...
igb1: netmap queues/slots: TX 4/1024, RX 4/1024
pcib9: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 18 at device 27.6 on pci0
pci8: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib9
igb2: <Intel(R) I210 (Copper)> port 0x7000-0x701f mem 0x94900000-0x9497ffff,0x94980000-0x94983fff irq 18 at device 0.0 on pci8
igb2: EEPROM V3.25-0 eTrack 0x800005d0
igb2: Using 1024 TX descriptors and 1024 RX descriptors
igb2: Using 4 RX queues 4 TX queues
igb2: Using MSI-X interrupts with 5 vectors
igb2: Ethernet address: ...
igb2: netmap queues/slots: TX 4/1024, RX 4/1024
pcib10: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 19 at device 27.7 on pci0
pci9: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib10
igb3: <Intel(R) I210 (Copper)> port 0x6000-0x601f mem 0x94800000-0x9487ffff,0x94880000-0x94883fff irq 19 at device 0.0 on pci9
igb3: EEPROM V3.25-0 eTrack 0x800005d0
igb3: Using 1024 TX descriptors and 1024 RX descriptors
igb3: Using 4 RX queues 4 TX queues
igb3: Using MSI-X interrupts with 5 vectors
igb3: Ethernet address: ...
igb3: netmap queues/slots: TX 4/1024, RX 4/1024
pcib11: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 16 at device 28.0 on pci0
pci10: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib11
pcib12: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 16 at device 0.0 on pci10
pci11: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib12
vgapci0: <VGA-compatible display> port 0x5000-0x507f mem 0x90000000-0x93ffffff,0x94000000-0x9401ffff irq 16 at device 0.0 on pci11
vgapci0: Boot video device
pci0: <simple comms> at device 30.0 (no driver attached)
isab1: <PCI-ISA bridge> at device 31.0 on pci0
device_attach: isab1 attach returned 6
pci0: <serial bus> at device 31.5 (no driver attached)
acpi_button0: <Sleep Button> on acpi0
apei0: <ACPI Platform Error Interface> on acpi0
acpi_tz0: <Thermal Zone> on acpi0
uart0: <16550 or compatible> port 0x3f8-0x3ff irq 4 flags 0x10 on acpi0
uart0: console (115200,n,8,1)
uart1: <16550 or compatible> port 0x2f8-0x2ff irq 3 on acpi0
acpi_syscontainer0: <System Container> on acpi0
orm0: <ISA Option ROM> at iomem 0xc0000-0xc7fff pnpid ORM0000 on isa0
atrtc0: <AT realtime clock> at port 0x70 irq 8 on isa0
atrtc0: Warning: Couldn't map I/O.
atrtc0: registered as a time-of-day clock, resolution 1.000000s
Event timer "RTC" frequency 32768 Hz quality 0
hwpstate_intel0: <Intel Speed Shift> on cpu0
hwpstate_intel1: <Intel Speed Shift> on cpu1
hwpstate_intel2: <Intel Speed Shift> on cpu2
hwpstate_intel3: <Intel Speed Shift> on cpu3
hwpstate_intel4: <Intel Speed Shift> on cpu4
hwpstate_intel5: <Intel Speed Shift> on cpu5
hwpstate_intel6: <Intel Speed Shift> on cpu6
hwpstate_intel7: <Intel Speed Shift> on cpu7
Timecounter "TSC-low" frequency 1799999656 Hz quality 1000
Timecounters tick every 1.000 msec
ZFS filesystem version: 5
ZFS storage pool version: features support (5000)
ses0 at ahciem0 bus 0 scbus6 target 0 lun 0
ses0: <AHCI SGPIO Enclosure 2.00 0001> SEMB S-E-S 2.00 device
ses0: SEMB SES Device
ada0 at ahcich4 bus 0 scbus4 target 0 lun 0
ada0: <TS120GMTS420S T1125A0> ACS-3 ATA SATA 3.x device
ada0: Serial Number...
ada0: 600.000MB/s transfers (SATA 3.x, UDMA6, PIO 512bytes)
ada0: Command Queueing enabled
ada0: 114473MB (234441648 512 byte sectors)
ses0: ada0 in 'Slot 04', SATA Slot: scbus4 target 0
ada1 at ahcich5 bus 0 scbus5 target 0 lun 0
ada1: <TS120GMTS420S T1125A0> ACS-3 ATA SATA 3.x device
ada1: Serial Number...
ada1: 600.000MB/s transfers (SATA 3.x, UDMA6, PIO 512bytes)
ada1: Command Queueing enabled
ada1: 114473MB (234441648 512 byte sectors)
ses0: ada1,pass1 in 'Slot 05', SATA Slot: scbus5 target 0
isab1: <PCI-ISA bridge> at device 31.0 on pci0
device_attach: isab1 attach returned 6
Trying to mount root from zfs:zroot/ROOT/default []...
ugen0.1: <Intel XHCI root HUB> at usbus0
uhub0 on usbus0
uhub0: <Intel XHCI root HUB, class 9/0, rev 3.00/1.00, addr 1> on usbus0
Root mount waiting for: usbus0
uhub0: 22 ports with 22 removable, self powered
Dual Console: Video Primary, Serial Secondary
pchtherm0: <CannonLake-H Thermal Subsystem> mem 0x94c1d000-0x94c1dfff irq 16 at device 18.0 on pci0
isab1: <PCI-ISA bridge> at device 31.0 on pci0
device_attach: isab1 attach returned 6
ig4iic0: <Intel Cannon Lake-H I2C Controller-0> at device 21.0 on pci0
ig4iic0: Using MSI
iicbus0: <Philips I2C bus (ACPI-hinted)> on ig4iic0
ig4iic1: <Intel Cannon Lake-H I2C Controller-1> at device 21.1 on pci0
ig4iic1: Using MSI
iicbus1: <Philips I2C bus (ACPI-hinted)> on ig4iic1
isab1: <PCI-ISA bridge> at device 31.0 on pci0
device_attach: isab1 attach returned 6
isab1: <PCI-ISA bridge> at device 31.0 on pci0
device_attach: isab1 attach returned 6
ichsmb0: <Intel Cannon Lake SMBus controller> port 0xefa0-0xefbf mem 0x94c14000-0x94c140ff irq 16 at device 31.4 on pci0
smbus0: <System Management Bus> on ichsmb0
acpi_wmi0: <ACPI-WMI mapping> on acpi0
acpi_wmi0: cannot find EC device
acpi_wmi0: Embedded MOF found
ACPI: \134_SB.WFDE.WQCC: 1 arguments were passed to a non-method ACPI object (Buffer) (20201113/nsarguments-361)
acpi_wmi1: <ACPI-WMI mapping> on acpi0
acpi_wmi1: cannot find EC device
acpi_wmi1: Embedded MOF found
ACPI: \134_SB.WFTE.WQCC: 1 arguments were passed to a non-method ACPI object (Buffer) (20201113/nsarguments-361)
lo0: link state changed to UP
isab1: <PCI-ISA bridge> at device 31.0 on pci0
device_attach: isab1 attach returned 6
coretemp0: <CPU On-Die Thermal Sensors> on cpu0
pflog0: permanently promiscuous mode enabled
vlan0: changing name to 'vlan01'
vlan1: changing name to 'vlan010'
vlan2: changing name to 'vlan011'
vlan3: changing name to 'vlan012'
vlan4: changing name to 'vlan013'
vlan5: changing name to 'vlan014'
vlan6: changing name to 'vlan02'
vlan7: changing name to 'vlan04'
vlan8: changing name to 'vlan06'
vlan9: changing name to 'vlan07'
ix3: link state changed to UP
vlan011: link state changed to UP
vlan07: link state changed to UP
vlan010: link state changed to UP
vlan014: link state changed to UP
vlan04: link state changed to UP
vlan012: link state changed to UP
arpresolve: can't allocate llinfo for XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX on vlan02
arpresolve: can't allocate llinfo for XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX on vlan02
arpresolve: can't allocate llinfo for XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX on vlan02
arpresolve: can't allocate llinfo for XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX on vlan02
ix1: link state changed to UP
vlan01: link state changed to UP
vlan013: link state changed to UP
vlan02: link state changed to UP
vlan06: link state changed to UP
arpresolve: can't allocate llinfo for XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX on vlan02
arpresolve: can't allocate llinfo for XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX on vlan02
ix1: promiscuous mode enabled
vlan02: promiscuous mode enabled
carp: XXX@XXX: INIT -> BACKUP (initialization complete)
tun1: changing name to 'ovpns1'
ovpns1: link state changed to UP
carp: demoted by 240 to 240 (pfsync bulk start)
vlan04: permanently promiscuous mode enabled
ix3: promiscuous mode enabled
carp: XXX@XXX: INIT -> BACKUP (initialization complete)
vlan07: promiscuous mode enabled
carp: XXX@XXX: INIT -> BACKUP (initialization complete)
vlan010: promiscuous mode enabled
carp: XXX@XXX: INIT -> BACKUP (initialization complete)
vlan06: promiscuous mode enabled
carp: XXX@XXX: INIT -> BACKUP (initialization complete)
vlan013: promiscuous mode enabled
carp: XXX@XXX: INIT -> BACKUP (initialization complete)
carp: demoted by -240 to 0 (pfsync bulk done)
bridge0: Ethernet address: ...
vlan012: promiscuous mode enabled
bridge0: link state changed to UP
igb0: promiscuous mode enabled
igb1: promiscuous mode enabled
igb2: promiscuous mode enabled
igb3: promiscuous mode enabled
bridge0: promiscuous mode enabled
carp: XXX@XXX: INIT -> BACKUP (initialization complete)
carp: demoted by 240 to 240 (pfsync bulk start)
carp: demoted by -240 to 0 (pfsync bulk done)
ovpns1: link state changed to DOWN
ovpns1: link state changed to UP
WARNING: attempt to domain_add(netgraph) after domainfinalize()
508.373680 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan07 created (prev was NULL)
508.382785 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan07 destroyed
508.391438 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan07 created (prev was NULL)
508.770736 [ 320] generic_netmap_register   Emulated adapter for vlan07 activated
508.778707 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan011 created (prev was NULL)
508.787876 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan011 destroyed
508.806933 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan010 created (prev was NULL)
508.816104 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan010 destroyed
508.824723 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan010 created (prev was NULL)
508.833965 [ 320] generic_netmap_register   Emulated adapter for vlan010 activated
508.841933 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan011 created (prev was NULL)
508.861632 [ 320] generic_netmap_register   Emulated adapter for vlan011 activated
508.869569 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan04 created (prev was NULL)
508.878637 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan04 destroyed
508.887191 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan06 created (prev was NULL)
508.907194 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan06 destroyed
508.915820 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan014 created (prev was NULL)
508.925019 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan014 destroyed
508.933856 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan014 created (prev was NULL)
508.953664 [ 320] generic_netmap_register   Emulated adapter for vlan014 activated
508.961685 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan06 created (prev was NULL)
508.971191 [ 320] generic_netmap_register   Emulated adapter for vlan06 activated
508.979165 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan04 created (prev was NULL)
508.988331 [ 320] generic_netmap_register   Emulated adapter for vlan04 activated
509.006755 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan012 created (prev was NULL)
509.015938 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan012 destroyed
509.024616 [1137] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for vlan012 created (prev was NULL)
509.033854 [ 320] generic_netmap_register   Emulated adapter for vlan012 activated
carp: demoted by 240 to 240 (pfsync bulk start)
carp: demoted by -240 to 0 (pfsync bulk done)
carp: demoted by 240 to 240 (pfsync bulk start)
carp: demoted by -240 to 0 (pfsync bulk done)
654.994568 [ 295] generic_netmap_unregister Emulated adapter for vlan011 deactivated
655.002611 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan011 destroyed
655.092410 [ 295] generic_netmap_unregister Emulated adapter for vlan012 deactivated
655.100469 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan012 destroyed
655.109557 [ 295] generic_netmap_unregister Emulated adapter for vlan010 deactivated
655.117609 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan010 destroyed
655.130085 [ 295] generic_netmap_unregister Emulated adapter for vlan04 deactivated
655.148453 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan04 destroyed
655.157385 [ 295] generic_netmap_unregister Emulated adapter for vlan07 deactivated
655.165361 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan07 destroyed
655.221696 [ 295] generic_netmap_unregister Emulated adapter for vlan06 deactivated
655.229675 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan06 destroyed
655.284162 [ 295] generic_netmap_unregister Emulated adapter for vlan014 deactivated
655.294608 [1042] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for vlan014 destroyed
ovpns1: link state changed to DOWN
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `vnlru' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `syncer' to stop... 
Syncing disks, vnodes remaining... 2 2 2 2 2 0 0 0 0 0 done
All buffers synced.
Uptime: 3m56s
---<<BOOT>>---
Copyright (c) 02B2-369B The FreeBSD Project.
Copyright (c) 1979, 1980, 1983, 1986, 1988, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994
	The Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved.
FreeBSD is a registered trademark of The FreeBSD Foundation.
FreeBSD 13.1-RELEASE-p7 stable/23.1-n250411-85724e9ce22 SMP amd64
FreeBSD clang version 13.0.0 (XXX@XXX:llvm/llvm-project.git llvmorg-13.0.0-0-gd7b669b3a303)
VT(vga): resolution 640x480
CPU: Intel(R) Xeon(R) E-2234 CPU @ 3.60GHz (3600.00-MHz K8-class CPU)
  Origin="GenuineIntel"  Id=0x906ea  Family=0x6  Model=0x9e  Stepping=10
  Features=0xbfebfbff<FPU,VME,DE,PSE,TSC,MSR,PAE,MCE,CX8,APIC,SEP,MTRR,PGE,MCA,CMOV,PAT,PSE36,CLFLUSH,DTS,ACPI,MMX,FXSR,SSE,SSE2,SS,HTT,TM,PBE>
  Features2=0x7ffafbff<SSE3,PCLMULQDQ,DTES64,MON,DS_CPL,VMX,SMX,EST,TM2,SSSE3,SDBG,FMA,CX16,xTPR,PDCM,PCID,SSE4.1,SSE4.2,x2APIC,MOVBE,POPCNT,TSCDLT,AESNI,XSAVE,OSXSAVE,AVX,F16C,RDRAND>
  AMD Features=0x2c100800<SYSCALL,NX,Page1GB,RDTSCP,LM>
  AMD Features2=0x121<LAHF,ABM,Prefetch>
  Structured Extended Features=0x29c6fbb<FSGSBASE,TSCADJ,BMI1,HLE,AVX2,SMEP,BMI2,ERMS,INVPCID,RTM,NFPUSG,MPX,RDSEED,ADX,SMAP,CLFLUSHOPT,PROCTRACE>
  Structured Extended Features3=0xbc002e00<MCUOPT,MD_CLEAR,TSXFA,IBPB,STIBP,L1DFL,ARCH_CAP,SSBD>
  XSAVE Features=0xf<XSAVEOPT,XSAVEC,XINUSE,XSAVES>
  IA32_ARCH_CAPS=0xc04<RSBA>
  VT-x: PAT,HLT,MTF,PAUSE,EPT,UG,VPID
  TSC: P-state invariant, performance statistics
real memory  = 17179869184 (16384 MB)
avail memory = 16500158464 (15735 MB)
Event timer "LAPIC" quality 600
ACPI APIC Table: <ALASKA A M I >
FreeBSD/SMP: Multiprocessor System Detected: 8 CPUs
FreeBSD/SMP: 1 package(s) x 4 core(s) x 2 hardware threads
random: registering fast source Intel Secure Key RNG
random: fast provider: "Intel Secure Key RNG"
random: unblocking device.
ioapic0 <Version 2.0> irqs 0-119
Launching APs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
random: entropy device external interface
wlan: mac acl policy registered
kbd1 at kbdmux0
WARNING: Device "spkr" is Giant locked and may be deleted before FreeBSD 14.0.
vtvga0: <VT VGA driver>
smbios0: <System Management BIOS> at iomem 0xf05e0-0xf05fe
smbios0: Version: 3.2, BCD Revision: 3.2
aesni0: <AES-CBC,AES-CCM,AES-GCM,AES-ICM,AES-XTS>
acpi0: <ALASKA A M I >
acpi0: Power Button (fixed)
cpu0: <ACPI CPU> on acpi0
hpet0: <High Precision Event Timer> iomem 0xfed00000-0xfed003ff on acpi0
Timecounter "HPET" frequency 24000000 Hz quality 950
Event timer "HPET" frequency 24000000 Hz quality 550
attimer0: <AT timer> port 0x40-0x43,0x50-0x53 irq 0 on acpi0
Timecounter "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 0
Event timer "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 100
Timecounter "ACPI-fast" frequency 3579545 Hz quality 900
acpi_timer0: <24-bit timer at 3.579545MHz> port 0x1808-0x180b on acpi0
isab0: <ACPI Generic ISA bridge> on acpi0
isa0: <ISA bus> on isab0
pcib0: <ACPI Host-PCI bridge> port 0xcf8-0xcff on acpi0
pci0: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib0
pcib1: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 16 at device 1.0 on pci0
pci1: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib1
pcib2: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> mem 0x94700000-0x9473ffff irq 16 at device 0.0 on pci1
pci2: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib2
pcib3: <PCI-PCI bridge> irq 16 at device 8.0 on pci2
pci3: <PCI bus> on pcib3
pcib4: <PCI-PCI bridge> irq 17 at device 9.0 on pci2
pcib5: <PCI-PCI bridge> irq 16 at device 16.0 on pci2
pci4: <PCI bus> on pcib5
ix0: <Intel(R) X520 82599ES (SFI/SFP+)> port 0x4020-0x403f mem 0x94580000-0x945fffff,0x94604000-0x94607fff irq 16 at device 0.0 on pci4
ix0: Using 2048 TX descriptors and 2048 RX descriptors
ix0: Using 4 RX queues 4 TX queues
ix0: Using MSI-X interrupts with 5 vectors
ix0: allocated for 4 queues
ix0: allocated for 4 rx queues
ix0: Ethernet address: ...
ix0: PCI Express Bus: Speed 5.0GT/s Width x8
ix0: Option ROM V1-b1197-p0 eTrack 0x00012b2c PHY FW V65535
ix0: netmap queues/slots: TX 4/2048, RX 4/2048
ix1: <Intel(R) X520 82599ES (SFI/SFP+)> port 0x4000-0x401f mem 0x94480000-0x944fffff,0x94600000-0x94603fff irq 17 at device 0.1 on pci4
ix1: Using 2048 TX descriptors and 2048 RX descriptors
ix1: Using 4 RX queues 4 TX queues
ix1: Using MSI-X interrupts with 5 vectors
ix1: allocated for 4 queues
ix1: allocated for 4 rx queues
ix1: Ethernet address: ...
ix1: PCI Express Bus: Speed 5.0GT/s Width x8
ix1: Option ROM V1-b1197-p0 eTrack 0x00012b2c PHY FW V65535
ix1: netmap queues/slots: TX 4/2048, RX 4/2048
pcib6: <PCI-PCI bridge> irq 17 at device 17.0 on pci2
pci5: <PCI bus> on pcib6
ix2: <Intel(R) X520 82599ES (SFI/SFP+)> port 0x3020-0x303f mem 0x94280000-0x942fffff,0x94304000-0x94307fff irq 17 at device 0.0 on pci5
ix2: Using 2048 TX descriptors and 2048 RX descriptors
ix2: Using 4 RX queues 4 TX queues
ix2: Using MSI-X interrupts with 5 vectors
ix2: allocated for 4 queues
ix2: allocated for 4 rx queues
ix2: Ethernet address: ...
ix2: PCI Express Bus: Speed 5.0GT/s Width x8
ix2: Option ROM V1-b1197-p0 eTrack 0x00012b2c PHY FW V65535
ix2: netmap queues/slots: TX 4/2048, RX 4/2048
ix3: <Intel(R) X520 82599ES (SFI/SFP+)> port 0x3000-0x301f mem 0x94180000-0x941fffff,0x94300000-0x94303fff irq 18 at device 0.1 on pci5
ix3: Using 2048 TX descriptors and 2048 RX descriptors
ix3: Using 4 RX queues 4 TX queues
ix3: Using MSI-X interrupts with 5 vectors
ix3: allocated for 4 queues
ix3: allocated for 4 rx queues
ix3: Ethernet address: ...
ix3: PCI Express Bus: Speed 5.0GT/s Width x8
ix3: Option ROM V1-b1197-p0 eTrack 0x00012b2c PHY FW V65535
ix3: netmap queues/slots: TX 4/2048, RX 4/2048
xhci0: <Intel Cannon Lake USB 3.1 controller> mem 0x94c00000-0x94c0ffff irq 16 at device 20.0 on pci0
xhci0: 32 bytes context size, 64-bit DMA
usbus0 on xhci0
usbus0: 5.0Gbps Super Speed USB v3.0
pci0: <memory, RAM> at device 20.2 (no driver attached)
pci0: <serial bus> at device 21.0 (no driver attached)
pci0: <serial bus> at device 21.1 (no driver attached)
pci0: <simple comms> at device 22.0 (no driver attached)
pci0: <simple comms> at device 22.4 (no driver attached)
ahci0: <Intel Cannon Lake AHCI SATA controller> port 0xa050-0xa057,0xa040-0xa043,0xa020-0xa03f mem 0x94c10000-0x94c11fff,0x94c17000-0x94c170ff,0x94c16000-0x94c167ff irq 16 at device 23.0 on pci0
ahci0: AHCI v1.31 with 6 6Gbps ports, Port Multiplier not supported
ahcich0: <AHCI channel> at channel 0 on ahci0
ahcich1: <AHCI channel> at channel 1 on ahci0
ahcich2: <AHCI channel> at channel 2 on ahci0
ahcich3: <AHCI channel> at channel 3 on ahci0
ahcich4: <AHCI channel> at channel 4 on ahci0
ahcich5: <AHCI channel> at channel 5 on ahci0
ahciem0: <AHCI enclosure management bridge> on ahci0
pcib7: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 16 at device 27.0 on pci0
pci6: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib7
igb0: <Intel(R) I210 (Copper)> port 0x9000-0x901f mem 0x94b00000-0x94b7ffff,0x94b80000-0x94b83fff irq 16 at device 0.0 on pci6
igb0: PHY reset is blocked due to SOL/IDER session.
igb0: EEPROM V3.25-0 eTrack 0x800005cc
igb0: Using 1024 TX descriptors and 1024 RX descriptors
igb0: Using 4 RX queues 4 TX queues
igb0: Using MSI-X interrupts with 5 vectors
igb0: Ethernet address: ...
igb0: netmap queues/slots: TX 4/1024, RX 4/1024
pcib8: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 17 at device 27.5 on pci0
pci7: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib8
igb1: <Intel(R) I210 (Copper)> port 0x8000-0x801f mem 0x94a00000-0x94a7ffff,0x94a80000-0x94a83fff irq 17 at device 0.0 on pci7
igb1: PHY reset is blocked due to SOL/IDER session.
igb1: EEPROM V3.25-0 eTrack 0x800005cc
igb1: Using 1024 TX descriptors and 1024 RX descriptors
igb1: Using 4 RX queues 4 TX queues
igb1: Using MSI-X interrupts with 5 vectors
igb1: Ethernet address: ...
igb1: netmap queues/slots: TX 4/1024, RX 4/1024
pcib9: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 18 at device 27.6 on pci0
pci8: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib9
igb2: <Intel(R) I210 (Copper)> port 0x7000-0x701f mem 0x94900000-0x9497ffff,0x94980000-0x94983fff irq 18 at device 0.0 on pci8
igb2: EEPROM V3.25-0 eTrack 0x800005d0
igb2: Using 1024 TX descriptors and 1024 RX descriptors
igb2: Using 4 RX queues 4 TX queues
igb2: Using MSI-X interrupts with 5 vectors
igb2: Ethernet address: ...
igb2: netmap queues/slots: TX 4/1024, RX 4/1024
pcib10: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 19 at device 27.7 on pci0
pci9: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib10
igb3: <Intel(R) I210 (Copper)> port 0x6000-0x601f mem 0x94800000-0x9487ffff,0x94880000-0x94883fff irq 19 at device 0.0 on pci9
igb3: EEPROM V3.25-0 eTrack 0x800005d0
igb3: Using 1024 TX descriptors and 1024 RX descriptors
igb3: Using 4 RX queues 4 TX queues
igb3: Using MSI-X interrupts with 5 vectors
igb3: Ethernet address: ...
igb3: netmap queues/slots: TX 4/1024, RX 4/1024
pcib11: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 16 at device 28.0 on pci0
pci10: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib11
pcib12: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 16 at device 0.0 on pci10
pci11: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib12
vgapci0: <VGA-compatible display> port 0x5000-0x507f mem 0x90000000-0x93ffffff,0x94000000-0x9401ffff irq 16 at device 0.0 on pci11
vgapci0: Boot video device
pci0: <simple comms> at device 30.0 (no driver attached)
isab1: <PCI-ISA bridge> at device 31.0 on pci0
device_attach: isab1 attach returned 6
pci0: <serial bus> at device 31.5 (no driver attached)
acpi_button0: <Sleep Button> on acpi0
apei0: <ACPI Platform Error Interface> on acpi0
acpi_tz0: <Thermal Zone> on acpi0
uart0: <16550 or compatible> port 0x3f8-0x3ff irq 4 flags 0x10 on acpi0
uart0: console (115200,n,8,1)
uart1: <16550 or compatible> port 0x2f8-0x2ff irq 3 on acpi0
acpi_syscontainer0: <System Container> on acpi0
orm0: <ISA Option ROM> at iomem 0xc0000-0xc7fff pnpid ORM0000 on isa0
atrtc0: <AT realtime clock> at port 0x70 irq 8 on isa0
atrtc0: Warning: Couldn't map I/O.
atrtc0: registered as a time-of-day clock, resolution 1.000000s
Event timer "RTC" frequency 32768 Hz quality 0
hwpstate_intel0: <Intel Speed Shift> on cpu0
hwpstate_intel1: <Intel Speed Shift> on cpu1
hwpstate_intel2: <Intel Speed Shift> on cpu2
hwpstate_intel3: <Intel Speed Shift> on cpu3
hwpstate_intel4: <Intel Speed Shift> on cpu4
hwpstate_intel5: <Intel Speed Shift> on cpu5
hwpstate_intel6: <Intel Speed Shift> on cpu6
hwpstate_intel7: <Intel Speed Shift> on cpu7
Timecounter "TSC-low" frequency 1799999503 Hz quality 1000
Timecounters tick every 1.000 msec
ZFS filesystem version: 5
ZFS storage pool version: features support (5000)
ses0 at ahciem0 bus 0 scbus6 target 0 lun 0
ses0: <AHCI SGPIO Enclosure 2.00 0001> SEMB S-E-S 2.00 device
ses0: SEMB SES Device
ada0 at ahcich4 bus 0 scbus4 target 0 lun 0
ada0: <TS120GMTS420S T1125A0> ACS-3 ATA SATA 3.x device
ada0: Serial Number...
ada0: 600.000MB/s transfers (SATA 3.x, UDMA6, PIO 512bytes)
ada0: Command Queueing enabled
ada0: 114473MB (234441648 512 byte sectors)
ada1 at ahcich5 bus 0 scbus5 target 0 lun 0
ada1: <TS120GMTS420S T1125A0> ACS-3 ATA SATA 3.x device
ada1: Serial Number...
ada1: 600.000MB/s transfers (SATA 3.x, UDMA6, PIO 512bytes)
ada1: Command Queueing enabled
ada1: 114473MB (234441648 512 byte sectors)
ses0: ada0 in 'Slot 04', SATA Slot: scbus4 target 0
ses0: ada1,pass1 in 'Slot 05', SATA Slot: scbus5 target 0
isab1: <PCI-ISA bridge> at device 31.0 on pci0
device_attach: isab1 attach returned 6
Trying to mount root from zfs:zroot/ROOT/default []...
ugen0.1: <Intel XHCI root HUB> at usbus0
uhub0 on usbus0
uhub0: <Intel XHCI root HUB, class 9/0, rev 3.00/1.00, addr 1> on usbus0
Root mount waiting for: usbus0
uhub0: 22 ports with 22 removable, self powered
Dual Console: Video Primary, Serial Secondary
