ugen0.2: <LiteOn Lenovo Traditional USB Keyboard> at usbus0 (disconnected)
ukbd0: at uhub0, port 9, addr 3 (disconnected)
ukbd0: detached
uhid0: at uhub0, port 9, addr 3 (disconnected)
uhid0: detached
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ovpns1: link state changed to DOWN
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ovpns1: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ovpns1: link state changed to DOWN
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ovpns1: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pid 79806 (eastpect), jid 0, uid 0: exited on signal 11
em2: link state changed to DOWN
em2: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ovpns1: link state changed to DOWN
cannot forward src fe80:XXXX::XXX:XXX:XXX:XXX, dst XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX:XXXX, nxt 58, rcvif em2, outif em1
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ovpns1: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ovpns1: link state changed to DOWN
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ovpns1: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
em2: link state changed to DOWN
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
em2: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ovpns1: link state changed to DOWN
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ovpns1: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ovpns1: link state changed to DOWN
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
ovpns1: link state changed to UP
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
[HBSD SEGVGUARD] [/usr/local/sensei//bin//eastpect (71869)] Suspension expired.
 -> pid: 71869 ppid: 58011 p_pax: 0xa50<SEGVGUARD,ASLR,NOSHLIBRANDOM,NODISALLOWMAP32BIT> 
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
pflog0: promiscuous mode enabled
