swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(6): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(10): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(5): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(16): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(15): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(12): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(7): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(16): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(13): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(6): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(5): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(5): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(4): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(7): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(4): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(12): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(6): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(15): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(12): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(10): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(4): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(5): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(4): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(15): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(12): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(4): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(5): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(7): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(4): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(17): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(13): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(7): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(4): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(5): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(10): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(5): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(12): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(12): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(19): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(12): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(5): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(12): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(21): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(19): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(10): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(5): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(15): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(12): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(22): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(17): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(10): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(6): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(13): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(10): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(4): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(5): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(16): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(13): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(7): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(11): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(6): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(5): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(5): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(7): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(15): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(5): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(11): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(7): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(5): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(32): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(32): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(32): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(32): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(14): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(11): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(13): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(21): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(19): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(7): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(7): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(4): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(4): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(4): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(4): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(4): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(4): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(4): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(4): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(4): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(4): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(4): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(8): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(32): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(9): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(20): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(18): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(3): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(7): failed
swap_pager_getswapspace(32): failed
pid 25721 (clamd), jid 0, uid 106, was killed: out of swap space
pid 99841 (python3.7), jid 0, uid 0, was killed: out of swap space
pid 99475 (rspamd-2.7), jid 0, uid 236, was killed: out of swap space
pid 97229 (rspamd-2.7), jid 0, uid 236, was killed: out of swap space
pflog0: promiscuous mode disabled
ovpns1: link state changed to DOWN
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `vnlru' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `syncer' to stop... 
Syncing disks, vnodes remaining... 4 4 0 0 done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufdaemon' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-0' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-1' to stop... done
All buffers synced.
Uptime: 28d15h34m8s
---<<BOOT>>---
Copyright (c) 2474-67F5 The HardenedBSD Project.
Copyright (c) 10F0-EC3A The FreeBSD Project.
Copyright (c) 1979, 1980, 1983, 1986, 1988, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994
	The Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved.
FreeBSD is a registered trademark of The FreeBSD Foundation.
FreeBSD 12.1-RELEASE-p19-HBSD  f692db99f3c(stable/21.7) SMP amd64
FreeBSD clang version 8.0.1 (tags/RELEASE_801/final 366581) (based on LLVM 8.0.1)
HardenedBSD: initialize and check features (__HardenedBSD_version 1200059 __FreeBSD_version 1201000).
CPU: Intel(R) Celeron(R) CPU  J3160  @ 1.60GHz (1600.05-MHz K8-class CPU)
  Origin="GenuineIntel"  Id=0x406c4  Family=0x6  Model=0x4c  Stepping=4
  Features=0xbfebfbff<FPU,VME,DE,PSE,TSC,MSR,PAE,MCE,CX8,APIC,SEP,MTRR,PGE,MCA,CMOV,PAT,PSE36,CLFLUSH,DTS,ACPI,MMX,FXSR,SSE,SSE2,SS,HTT,TM,PBE>
  Features2=0x43d8e3bf<SSE3,PCLMULQDQ,DTES64,MON,DS_CPL,VMX,EST,TM2,SSSE3,CX16,xTPR,PDCM,SSE4.1,SSE4.2,MOVBE,POPCNT,TSCDLT,AESNI,RDRAND>
  AMD Features=0x28100800<SYSCALL,NX,RDTSCP,LM>
  AMD Features2=0x101<LAHF,Prefetch>
  Structured Extended Features=0x2282<TSCADJ,SMEP,ERMS,NFPUSG>
  VT-x: (disabled in BIOS) PAT,HLT,MTF,PAUSE,EPT,UG,VPID
  TSC: P-state invariant, performance statistics
real memory  = 4294967296 (4096 MB)
avail memory = 3444756480 (3285 MB)
Event timer "LAPIC" quality 600
ACPI APIC Table: <ALASKA A M I >
WARNING: L1 data cache covers fewer APIC IDs than a core (0 < 1)
FreeBSD/SMP: Multiprocessor System Detected: 4 CPUs
FreeBSD/SMP: 1 package(s) x 4 core(s)
random: unblocking device.
Firmware Warning (ACPI): 32/64X length mismatch in FADT/Gpe0Block: 128/32 (20181213/tbfadt-748)
ioapic0 <Version 2.0> irqs 0-114 on motherboard
Launching APs: 3 2 1
Timecounter "TSC" frequency 1600051700 Hz quality 1000
wlan: mac acl policy registered
random: entropy device external interface
kbd1 at kbdmux0
module_register_init: MOD_LOAD (vesa, 0xffffffff812907f0, 0) error 19
random: registering fast source Intel Secure Key RNG
random: fast provider: "Intel Secure Key RNG"
000.000053 [4344] netmap_init               netmap: loaded module
[ath_hal] loaded
nexus0
efirtc0: <EFI Realtime Clock> on motherboard
efirtc0: registered as a time-of-day clock, resolution 1.000000s
cryptosoft0: <software crypto> on motherboard
acpi0: <ALASKA A M I > on motherboard
acpi0: Power Button (fixed)
unknown: I/O range not supported
cpu0: <ACPI CPU> on acpi0
atrtc0: <AT realtime clock> port 0x70-0x77 on acpi0
atrtc0: Warning: Couldn't map I/O.
atrtc0: registered as a time-of-day clock, resolution 1.000000s
Event timer "RTC" frequency 32768 Hz quality 0
attimer0: <AT timer> port 0x40-0x43,0x50-0x53 irq 0 on acpi0
Timecounter "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 0
Event timer "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 100
Timecounter "ACPI-safe" frequency 3579545 Hz quality 850
acpi_timer0: <24-bit timer at 3.579545MHz> port 0x408-0x40b on acpi0
pcib0: <ACPI Host-PCI bridge> port 0xcf8-0xcff on acpi0
pci0: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib0
vgapci0: <VGA-compatible display> port 0xf000-0xf03f mem 0x80000000-0x80ffffff,0x90000000-0x9fffffff irq 16 at device 2.0 on pci0
vgapci0: Boot video device
sdhci_pci0: <Intel Braswell eMMC 4.5.1 Controller> mem 0x81517000-0x81517fff irq 16 at device 16.0 on pci0
sdhci_pci0: 1 slot(s) allocated
mmc0: <MMC/SD bus> on sdhci_pci0
sdhci_pci1: <Intel Braswell SDXC Controller> mem 0x81516000-0x81516fff irq 18 at device 18.0 on pci0
sdhci_pci1: 1 slot(s) allocated
mmc1: <MMC/SD bus> on sdhci_pci1
ahci0: <AHCI SATA controller> port 0xf060-0xf07f mem 0x81515000-0x815157ff irq 19 at device 19.0 on pci0
ahci0: AHCI v1.31 with 2 6Gbps ports, Port Multiplier not supported
ahcich0: <AHCI channel> at channel 0 on ahci0
ahcich1: <AHCI channel> at channel 1 on ahci0
xhci0: <Intel Braswell USB 3.0 controller> mem 0x81500000-0x8150ffff irq 20 at device 20.0 on pci0
xhci0: 32 bytes context size, 64-bit DMA
usbus0: waiting for BIOS to give up control
xhci_interrupt: host controller halted
usbus0 on xhci0
usbus0: 5.0Gbps Super Speed USB v3.0
pci0: <encrypt/decrypt> at device 26.0 (no driver attached)
hdac0: <Intel (0x2284) HDA Controller> mem 0x81510000-0x81513fff irq 22 at device 27.0 on pci0
pcib1: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 16 at device 28.0 on pci0
pci1: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib1
re0: <Realtek PCIe GbE Family Controller> port 0xe000-0xe0ff mem 0x81400000-0x81400fff,0xa0100000-0xa0103fff irq 16 at device 0.0 on pci1
re0: Using Memory Mapping!
re0: Using 1 MSI-X message
re0: version:1.96.04
re0: Ethernet address: ...

This product is covered by one or more of the following patents:            
US6,570,884, US6,115,776, and US6,327,625.
re0: Ethernet address: ...
pcib2: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 17 at device 28.1 on pci0
pci2: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib2
re1: <Realtek PCIe GbE Family Controller> port 0xd000-0xd0ff mem 0x81300000-0x81300fff,0xa0000000-0xa0003fff irq 17 at device 0.0 on pci2
re1: Using Memory Mapping!
re1: Using 1 MSI-X message
re1: version:1.96.04
re1: Ethernet address: ...

This product is covered by one or more of the following patents:            
US6,570,884, US6,115,776, and US6,327,625.
re1: Ethernet address: ...
pcib3: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 18 at device 28.2 on pci0
pci3: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib3
pci3: <network> at device 0.0 (no driver attached)
isab0: <PCI-ISA bridge> at device 31.0 on pci0
isa0: <ISA bus> on isab0
acpi_button0: <Sleep Button> on acpi0
acpi_tz0: <Thermal Zone> on acpi0
uart1: <16550 or compatible> port 0x2f8-0x2ff irq 4 on acpi0
atkbdc0: <Keyboard controller (i8042)> port 0x60,0x64 irq 1 on acpi0
atkbd0: <AT Keyboard> irq 1 on atkbdc0
kbd0 at atkbd0
atkbd0: [GIANT-LOCKED]
est0: <Enhanced SpeedStep Frequency Control> on cpu0
Timecounters tick every 1.000 msec
ada0 at ahcich1 bus 0 scbus1 target 0 lun 0
ada0: <Hoodisk SSD SBFM01.2> ACS-4 ATA SATA 3.x device
ada0: Serial Number...
ada0: 600.000MB/s transfers (SATA 3.x, UDMA6, PIO 8192bytes)
ada0: Command Queueing enabled
ada0: 122104MB (250069680 512 byte sectors)
ugen0.1: <0x8086 XHCI root HUB> at usbus0
uhub0: <0x8086 XHCI root HUB, class 9/0, rev 3.00/1.00, addr 1> on usbus0
mmc0: No compatible cards found on bus
mmc1: No compatible cards found on bus
hdacc0: <Realtek ALC662 HDA CODEC> at cad 0 on hdac0
hdaa0: <Realtek ALC662 Audio Function Group> at nid 1 on hdacc0
hdaa0: hdaa_audio_as_parse: Duplicate pin 0 (27) in association 1! Disabling association.
pcm0: <Realtek ALC662 (Analog)> at nid 24,25,26 on hdaa0
hdacc1: <Intel (0x2883) HDA CODEC> at cad 2 on hdac0
hdaa1: <Intel (0x2883) Audio Function Group> at nid 1 on hdacc1
pcm1: <Intel (0x2883) (HDMI/DP 8ch)> at nid 5 on hdaa1
pcm2: <Intel (0x2883) (HDMI/DP 8ch)> at nid 6 on hdaa1
pcm3: <Intel (0x2883) (HDMI/DP 8ch)> at nid 7 on hdaa1
Trying to mount root from ufs:/dev/gpt/rootfs [rw]...
uhub0: 13 ports with 13 removable, self powered
ugen0.2: <vendor 0x05e3 USB2.0 Hub> at usbus0
uhub1 on uhub0
uhub1: <vendor 0x05e3 USB2.0 Hub, class 9/0, rev 2.00/32.98, addr 1> on usbus0
uhub1: MTT enabled
uhub1: 4 ports with 4 removable, self powered
usb_alloc_device: set address 3 failed (USB_ERR_TIMEOUT, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 3 failed, USB_ERR_TIMEOUT
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=3, set address failed! (USB_ERR_TIMEOUT, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 3 failed, USB_ERR_TIMEOUT
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=3, set address failed! (USB_ERR_TIMEOUT, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 3 failed, USB_ERR_TIMEOUT
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=3, set address failed! (USB_ERR_TIMEOUT, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 3 failed, USB_ERR_TIMEOUT
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=3, set address failed! (USB_ERR_TIMEOUT, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 3 failed, USB_ERR_TIMEOUT
ugen0.3: <Unknown > at usbus0 (disconnected)
uhub_reattach_port: could not allocate new device
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `vnlru' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `syncer' to stop... 
Syncing disks, vnodes remaining... 1 0 done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufdaemon' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-0' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-1' to stop... done
All buffers synced.
Uptime: 1m54s
---<<BOOT>>---
Copyright (c) 2474-67F5 The HardenedBSD Project.
Copyright (c) 10F0-EC3A The FreeBSD Project.
Copyright (c) 1979, 1980, 1983, 1986, 1988, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994
	The Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved.
FreeBSD is a registered trademark of The FreeBSD Foundation.
FreeBSD 12.1-RELEASE-p19-HBSD  f692db99f3c(stable/21.7) SMP amd64
FreeBSD clang version 8.0.1 (tags/RELEASE_801/final 366581) (based on LLVM 8.0.1)
HardenedBSD: initialize and check features (__HardenedBSD_version 1200059 __FreeBSD_version 1201000).
CPU: Intel(R) Celeron(R) CPU  J3160  @ 1.60GHz (1600.05-MHz K8-class CPU)
  Origin="GenuineIntel"  Id=0x406c4  Family=0x6  Model=0x4c  Stepping=4
  Features=0xbfebfbff<FPU,VME,DE,PSE,TSC,MSR,PAE,MCE,CX8,APIC,SEP,MTRR,PGE,MCA,CMOV,PAT,PSE36,CLFLUSH,DTS,ACPI,MMX,FXSR,SSE,SSE2,SS,HTT,TM,PBE>
  Features2=0x43d8e3bf<SSE3,PCLMULQDQ,DTES64,MON,DS_CPL,VMX,EST,TM2,SSSE3,CX16,xTPR,PDCM,SSE4.1,SSE4.2,MOVBE,POPCNT,TSCDLT,AESNI,RDRAND>
  AMD Features=0x28100800<SYSCALL,NX,RDTSCP,LM>
  AMD Features2=0x101<LAHF,Prefetch>
  Structured Extended Features=0x2282<TSCADJ,SMEP,ERMS,NFPUSG>
  VT-x: (disabled in BIOS) PAT,HLT,MTF,PAUSE,EPT,UG,VPID
  TSC: P-state invariant, performance statistics
real memory  = 4294967296 (4096 MB)
avail memory = 3444756480 (3285 MB)
Event timer "LAPIC" quality 600
ACPI APIC Table: <ALASKA A M I >
WARNING: L1 data cache covers fewer APIC IDs than a core (0 < 1)
FreeBSD/SMP: Multiprocessor System Detected: 4 CPUs
FreeBSD/SMP: 1 package(s) x 4 core(s)
random: unblocking device.
Firmware Warning (ACPI): 32/64X length mismatch in FADT/Gpe0Block: 128/32 (20181213/tbfadt-748)
ioapic0 <Version 2.0> irqs 0-114 on motherboard
Launching APs: 2 3 1
Timecounter "TSC" frequency 1600052860 Hz quality 1000
wlan: mac acl policy registered
random: entropy device external interface
kbd1 at kbdmux0
module_register_init: MOD_LOAD (vesa, 0xffffffff812907f0, 0) error 19
random: registering fast source Intel Secure Key RNG
random: fast provider: "Intel Secure Key RNG"
000.000053 [4344] netmap_init               netmap: loaded module
[ath_hal] loaded
nexus0
efirtc0: <EFI Realtime Clock> on motherboard
efirtc0: registered as a time-of-day clock, resolution 1.000000s
cryptosoft0: <software crypto> on motherboard
acpi0: <ALASKA A M I > on motherboard
acpi0: Power Button (fixed)
unknown: I/O range not supported
cpu0: <ACPI CPU> on acpi0
atrtc0: <AT realtime clock> port 0x70-0x77 on acpi0
atrtc0: Warning: Couldn't map I/O.
atrtc0: registered as a time-of-day clock, resolution 1.000000s
Event timer "RTC" frequency 32768 Hz quality 0
attimer0: <AT timer> port 0x40-0x43,0x50-0x53 irq 0 on acpi0
Timecounter "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 0
Event timer "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 100
Timecounter "ACPI-safe" frequency 3579545 Hz quality 850
acpi_timer0: <24-bit timer at 3.579545MHz> port 0x408-0x40b on acpi0
pcib0: <ACPI Host-PCI bridge> port 0xcf8-0xcff on acpi0
pci0: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib0
vgapci0: <VGA-compatible display> port 0xf000-0xf03f mem 0x80000000-0x80ffffff,0x90000000-0x9fffffff irq 16 at device 2.0 on pci0
vgapci0: Boot video device
sdhci_pci0: <Intel Braswell eMMC 4.5.1 Controller> mem 0x81517000-0x81517fff irq 16 at device 16.0 on pci0
sdhci_pci0: 1 slot(s) allocated
mmc0: <MMC/SD bus> on sdhci_pci0
sdhci_pci1: <Intel Braswell SDXC Controller> mem 0x81516000-0x81516fff irq 18 at device 18.0 on pci0
sdhci_pci1: 1 slot(s) allocated
mmc1: <MMC/SD bus> on sdhci_pci1
ahci0: <AHCI SATA controller> port 0xf060-0xf07f mem 0x81515000-0x815157ff irq 19 at device 19.0 on pci0
ahci0: AHCI v1.31 with 2 6Gbps ports, Port Multiplier not supported
ahcich0: <AHCI channel> at channel 0 on ahci0
ahcich1: <AHCI channel> at channel 1 on ahci0
xhci0: <Intel Braswell USB 3.0 controller> mem 0x81500000-0x8150ffff irq 20 at device 20.0 on pci0
xhci0: 32 bytes context size, 64-bit DMA
usbus0: waiting for BIOS to give up control
xhci_interrupt: host controller halted
usbus0 on xhci0
usbus0: 5.0Gbps Super Speed USB v3.0
pci0: <encrypt/decrypt> at device 26.0 (no driver attached)
hdac0: <Intel (0x2284) HDA Controller> mem 0x81510000-0x81513fff irq 22 at device 27.0 on pci0
pcib1: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 16 at device 28.0 on pci0
pci1: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib1
re0: <Realtek PCIe GbE Family Controller> port 0xe000-0xe0ff mem 0x81400000-0x81400fff,0xa0100000-0xa0103fff irq 16 at device 0.0 on pci1
re0: Using Memory Mapping!
re0: Using 1 MSI-X message
re0: version:1.96.04
re0: Ethernet address: ...

This product is covered by one or more of the following patents:            
US6,570,884, US6,115,776, and US6,327,625.
re0: Ethernet address: ...
pcib2: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 17 at device 28.1 on pci0
pci2: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib2
re1: <Realtek PCIe GbE Family Controller> port 0xd000-0xd0ff mem 0x81300000-0x81300fff,0xa0000000-0xa0003fff irq 17 at device 0.0 on pci2
re1: Using Memory Mapping!
re1: Using 1 MSI-X message
re1: version:1.96.04
re1: Ethernet address: ...

This product is covered by one or more of the following patents:            
US6,570,884, US6,115,776, and US6,327,625.
re1: Ethernet address: ...
pcib3: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 18 at device 28.2 on pci0
pci3: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib3
pci3: <network> at device 0.0 (no driver attached)
isab0: <PCI-ISA bridge> at device 31.0 on pci0
isa0: <ISA bus> on isab0
acpi_button0: <Sleep Button> on acpi0
acpi_tz0: <Thermal Zone> on acpi0
uart1: <16550 or compatible> port 0x2f8-0x2ff irq 4 on acpi0
atkbdc0: <Keyboard controller (i8042)> port 0x60,0x64 irq 1 on acpi0
atkbd0: <AT Keyboard> irq 1 on atkbdc0
kbd0 at atkbd0
atkbd0: [GIANT-LOCKED]
est0: <Enhanced SpeedStep Frequency Control> on cpu0
Timecounters tick every 1.000 msec
ada0 at ahcich1 bus 0 scbus1 target 0 lun 0
ada0: <Hoodisk SSD SBFM01.2> ACS-4 ATA SATA 3.x device
ada0: Serial Number...
ada0: 600.000MB/s transfers (SATA 3.x, UDMA6, PIO 8192bytes)
ada0: Command Queueing enabled
ada0: 122104MB (250069680 512 byte sectors)
ugen0.1: <0x8086 XHCI root HUB> at usbus0
uhub0: <0x8086 XHCI root HUB, class 9/0, rev 3.00/1.00, addr 1> on usbus0
mmc0: No compatible cards found on bus
mmc1: No compatible cards found on bus
hdacc0: <Realtek ALC662 HDA CODEC> at cad 0 on hdac0
hdaa0: <Realtek ALC662 Audio Function Group> at nid 1 on hdacc0
hdaa0: hdaa_audio_as_parse: Duplicate pin 0 (27) in association 1! Disabling association.
pcm0: <Realtek ALC662 (Analog)> at nid 24,25,26 on hdaa0
hdacc1: <Intel (0x2883) HDA CODEC> at cad 2 on hdac0
hdaa1: <Intel (0x2883) Audio Function Group> at nid 1 on hdacc1
pcm1: <Intel (0x2883) (HDMI/DP 8ch)> at nid 5 on hdaa1
pcm2: <Intel (0x2883) (HDMI/DP 8ch)> at nid 6 on hdaa1
pcm3: <Intel (0x2883) (HDMI/DP 8ch)> at nid 7 on hdaa1
Trying to mount root from ufs:/dev/gpt/rootfs [rw]...
uhub0: 13 ports with 13 removable, self powered
ugen0.2: <vendor 0x05e3 USB2.0 Hub> at usbus0
uhub1 on uhub0
uhub1: <vendor 0x05e3 USB2.0 Hub, class 9/0, rev 2.00/32.98, addr 1> on usbus0
uhub1: MTT enabled
uhub1: 4 ports with 4 removable, self powered
usb_alloc_device: set address 3 failed (USB_ERR_TIMEOUT, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 3 failed, USB_ERR_TIMEOUT
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=3, set address failed! (USB_ERR_TIMEOUT, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 3 failed, USB_ERR_TIMEOUT
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=3, set address failed! (USB_ERR_TIMEOUT, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 3 failed, USB_ERR_TIMEOUT
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=3, set address failed! (USB_ERR_TIMEOUT, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 3 failed, USB_ERR_TIMEOUT
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=3, set address failed! (USB_ERR_TIMEOUT, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 3 failed, USB_ERR_TIMEOUT
ugen0.3: <Unknown > at usbus0 (disconnected)
uhub_reattach_port: could not allocate new device
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `vnlru' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `syncer' to stop... 
Syncing disks, vnodes remaining... 0 0 done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufdaemon' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-0' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-1' to stop... done
All buffers synced.
Uptime: 6m8s
---<<BOOT>>---
Copyright (c) 2474-67F5 The HardenedBSD Project.
Copyright (c) 10F0-EC3A The FreeBSD Project.
Copyright (c) 1979, 1980, 1983, 1986, 1988, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994
	The Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved.
FreeBSD is a registered trademark of The FreeBSD Foundation.
FreeBSD 12.1-RELEASE-p19-HBSD  f692db99f3c(stable/21.7) SMP amd64
FreeBSD clang version 8.0.1 (tags/RELEASE_801/final 366581) (based on LLVM 8.0.1)
HardenedBSD: initialize and check features (__HardenedBSD_version 1200059 __FreeBSD_version 1201000).
CPU: Intel(R) Celeron(R) CPU  J3160  @ 1.60GHz (1600.05-MHz K8-class CPU)
  Origin="GenuineIntel"  Id=0x406c4  Family=0x6  Model=0x4c  Stepping=4
  Features=0xbfebfbff<FPU,VME,DE,PSE,TSC,MSR,PAE,MCE,CX8,APIC,SEP,MTRR,PGE,MCA,CMOV,PAT,PSE36,CLFLUSH,DTS,ACPI,MMX,FXSR,SSE,SSE2,SS,HTT,TM,PBE>
  Features2=0x43d8e3bf<SSE3,PCLMULQDQ,DTES64,MON,DS_CPL,VMX,EST,TM2,SSSE3,CX16,xTPR,PDCM,SSE4.1,SSE4.2,MOVBE,POPCNT,TSCDLT,AESNI,RDRAND>
  AMD Features=0x28100800<SYSCALL,NX,RDTSCP,LM>
  AMD Features2=0x101<LAHF,Prefetch>
  Structured Extended Features=0x2282<TSCADJ,SMEP,ERMS,NFPUSG>
  VT-x: (disabled in BIOS) PAT,HLT,MTF,PAUSE,EPT,UG,VPID
  TSC: P-state invariant, performance statistics
real memory  = 4294967296 (4096 MB)
avail memory = 3444756480 (3285 MB)
Event timer "LAPIC" quality 600
ACPI APIC Table: <ALASKA A M I >
WARNING: L1 data cache covers fewer APIC IDs than a core (0 < 1)
FreeBSD/SMP: Multiprocessor System Detected: 4 CPUs
FreeBSD/SMP: 1 package(s) x 4 core(s)
random: unblocking device.
Firmware Warning (ACPI): 32/64X length mismatch in FADT/Gpe0Block: 128/32 (20181213/tbfadt-748)
ioapic0 <Version 2.0> irqs 0-114 on motherboard
Launching APs: 2 3 1
Timecounter "TSC" frequency 1600053660 Hz quality 1000
wlan: mac acl policy registered
random: entropy device external interface
kbd1 at kbdmux0
module_register_init: MOD_LOAD (vesa, 0xffffffff812907f0, 0) error 19
random: registering fast source Intel Secure Key RNG
random: fast provider: "Intel Secure Key RNG"
000.000053 [4344] netmap_init               netmap: loaded module
[ath_hal] loaded
nexus0
efirtc0: <EFI Realtime Clock> on motherboard
efirtc0: registered as a time-of-day clock, resolution 1.000000s
cryptosoft0: <software crypto> on motherboard
acpi0: <ALASKA A M I > on motherboard
acpi0: Power Button (fixed)
unknown: I/O range not supported
cpu0: <ACPI CPU> on acpi0
atrtc0: <AT realtime clock> port 0x70-0x77 on acpi0
atrtc0: Warning: Couldn't map I/O.
atrtc0: registered as a time-of-day clock, resolution 1.000000s
Event timer "RTC" frequency 32768 Hz quality 0
attimer0: <AT timer> port 0x40-0x43,0x50-0x53 irq 0 on acpi0
Timecounter "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 0
Event timer "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 100
Timecounter "ACPI-safe" frequency 3579545 Hz quality 850
acpi_timer0: <24-bit timer at 3.579545MHz> port 0x408-0x40b on acpi0
pcib0: <ACPI Host-PCI bridge> port 0xcf8-0xcff on acpi0
pci0: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib0
vgapci0: <VGA-compatible display> port 0xf000-0xf03f mem 0x80000000-0x80ffffff,0x90000000-0x9fffffff irq 16 at device 2.0 on pci0
vgapci0: Boot video device
sdhci_pci0: <Intel Braswell eMMC 4.5.1 Controller> mem 0x81517000-0x81517fff irq 16 at device 16.0 on pci0
sdhci_pci0: 1 slot(s) allocated
mmc0: <MMC/SD bus> on sdhci_pci0
sdhci_pci1: <Intel Braswell SDXC Controller> mem 0x81516000-0x81516fff irq 18 at device 18.0 on pci0
sdhci_pci1: 1 slot(s) allocated
mmc1: <MMC/SD bus> on sdhci_pci1
ahci0: <AHCI SATA controller> port 0xf060-0xf07f mem 0x81515000-0x815157ff irq 19 at device 19.0 on pci0
ahci0: AHCI v1.31 with 2 6Gbps ports, Port Multiplier not supported
ahcich0: <AHCI channel> at channel 0 on ahci0
ahcich1: <AHCI channel> at channel 1 on ahci0
xhci0: <Intel Braswell USB 3.0 controller> mem 0x81500000-0x8150ffff irq 20 at device 20.0 on pci0
xhci0: 32 bytes context size, 64-bit DMA
usbus0: waiting for BIOS to give up control
xhci_interrupt: host controller halted
usbus0 on xhci0
usbus0: 5.0Gbps Super Speed USB v3.0
pci0: <encrypt/decrypt> at device 26.0 (no driver attached)
hdac0: <Intel (0x2284) HDA Controller> mem 0x81510000-0x81513fff irq 22 at device 27.0 on pci0
pcib1: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 16 at device 28.0 on pci0
pci1: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib1
re0: <Realtek PCIe GbE Family Controller> port 0xe000-0xe0ff mem 0x81400000-0x81400fff,0xa0100000-0xa0103fff irq 16 at device 0.0 on pci1
re0: Using Memory Mapping!
re0: Using 1 MSI-X message
re0: version:1.96.04
re0: Ethernet address: ...

This product is covered by one or more of the following patents:            
US6,570,884, US6,115,776, and US6,327,625.
re0: Ethernet address: ...
pcib2: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 17 at device 28.1 on pci0
pci2: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib2
re1: <Realtek PCIe GbE Family Controller> port 0xd000-0xd0ff mem 0x81300000-0x81300fff,0xa0000000-0xa0003fff irq 17 at device 0.0 on pci2
re1: Using Memory Mapping!
re1: Using 1 MSI-X message
re1: version:1.96.04
re1: Ethernet address: ...

This product is covered by one or more of the following patents:            
US6,570,884, US6,115,776, and US6,327,625.
re1: Ethernet address: ...
pcib3: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 18 at device 28.2 on pci0
pci3: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib3
pci3: <network> at device 0.0 (no driver attached)
isab0: <PCI-ISA bridge> at device 31.0 on pci0
isa0: <ISA bus> on isab0
acpi_button0: <Sleep Button> on acpi0
acpi_tz0: <Thermal Zone> on acpi0
uart1: <16550 or compatible> port 0x2f8-0x2ff irq 4 on acpi0
atkbdc0: <Keyboard controller (i8042)> port 0x60,0x64 irq 1 on acpi0
atkbd0: <AT Keyboard> irq 1 on atkbdc0
kbd0 at atkbd0
atkbd0: [GIANT-LOCKED]
est0: <Enhanced SpeedStep Frequency Control> on cpu0
Timecounters tick every 1.000 msec
ada0 at ahcich1 bus 0 scbus1 target 0 lun 0
ada0: <Hoodisk SSD SBFM01.2> ACS-4 ATA SATA 3.x device
ada0: Serial Number...
ada0: 600.000MB/s transfers (SATA 3.x, UDMA6, PIO 8192bytes)
ada0: Command Queueing enabled
ada0: 122104MB (250069680 512 byte sectors)
ugen0.1: <0x8086 XHCI root HUB> at usbus0
uhub0: <0x8086 XHCI root HUB, class 9/0, rev 3.00/1.00, addr 1> on usbus0
mmc0: No compatible cards found on bus
mmc1: No compatible cards found on bus
hdacc0: <Realtek ALC662 HDA CODEC> at cad 0 on hdac0
hdaa0: <Realtek ALC662 Audio Function Group> at nid 1 on hdacc0
hdaa0: hdaa_audio_as_parse: Duplicate pin 0 (27) in association 1! Disabling association.
pcm0: <Realtek ALC662 (Analog)> at nid 24,25,26 on hdaa0
hdacc1: <Intel (0x2883) HDA CODEC> at cad 2 on hdac0
hdaa1: <Intel (0x2883) Audio Function Group> at nid 1 on hdacc1
pcm1: <Intel (0x2883) (HDMI/DP 8ch)> at nid 5 on hdaa1
pcm2: <Intel (0x2883) (HDMI/DP 8ch)> at nid 6 on hdaa1
pcm3: <Intel (0x2883) (HDMI/DP 8ch)> at nid 7 on hdaa1
Trying to mount root from ufs:/dev/gpt/rootfs [rw]...
uhub0: 13 ports with 13 removable, self powered
ugen0.2: <vendor 0x05e3 USB2.0 Hub> at usbus0
uhub1 on uhub0
uhub1: <vendor 0x05e3 USB2.0 Hub, class 9/0, rev 2.00/32.98, addr 1> on usbus0
uhub1: MTT enabled
uhub1: 4 ports with 4 removable, self powered
usb_alloc_device: set address 3 failed (USB_ERR_TIMEOUT, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 3 failed, USB_ERR_TIMEOUT
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=3, set address failed! (USB_ERR_TIMEOUT, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 3 failed, USB_ERR_TIMEOUT
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=3, set address failed! (USB_ERR_TIMEOUT, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 3 failed, USB_ERR_TIMEOUT
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=3, set address failed! (USB_ERR_TIMEOUT, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 3 failed, USB_ERR_TIMEOUT
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=3, set address failed! (USB_ERR_TIMEOUT, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 3 failed, USB_ERR_TIMEOUT
ugen0.3: <Unknown > at usbus0 (disconnected)
uhub_reattach_port: could not allocate new device
iwm0: <Intel(R) Dual Band Wireless AC 3160> mem 0x81200000-0x81201fff irq 18 at device 0.0 on pci3
iwm0: hw rev 0x160, fw ver 17.352738.0, address XXX
lo0: link state changed to UP
aesni0: <AES-CBC,AES-CCM,AES-GCM,AES-ICM,AES-XTS> on motherboard
wlan0: Ethernet address: ...
wlan0: changing name to 'iwm0_wlan1'
tun1: changing name to 'ovpns1'
re1: link state changed to UP
re0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: permanently promiscuous mode enabled
ovpns1: link state changed to UP
ovpns1: link state changed to DOWN
ovpns1: link state changed to UP
WARNING: attempt to domain_add(netgraph) after domainfinalize()
957.902414 [1130] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for re1 created (prev was NULL)
957.902437 [1035] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for re1 destroyed
957.917376 [1130] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for re1 created (prev was NULL)
958.208523 [ 320] generic_netmap_register   Emulated adapter for re1 activated
960.980374 [ 295] generic_netmap_unregister Emulated adapter for re1 deactivated
960.981610 [1035] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for re1 destroyed
ovpns1: link state changed to DOWN
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `vnlru' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system process `syncer' to stop... 
Syncing disks, vnodes remaining... 2 1 0 0 done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufdaemon' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-0' to stop... done
Waiting (max 60 seconds) for system thread `bufspacedaemon-1' to stop... done
All buffers synced.
Uptime: 11m10s
---<<BOOT>>---
Copyright (c) 2474-67F5 The HardenedBSD Project.
Copyright (c) 10F0-EC3A The FreeBSD Project.
Copyright (c) 1979, 1980, 1983, 1986, 1988, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994
	The Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved.
FreeBSD is a registered trademark of The FreeBSD Foundation.
FreeBSD 12.1-RELEASE-p19-HBSD #0  f692db99f3c(stable/21.7)-dirty: Mon Aug  2 13:29:29 CEST 2021
    XXX@XXX:/usr/obj/XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX amd64
FreeBSD clang version 8.0.1 (tags/RELEASE_801/final 366581) (based on LLVM 8.0.1)
HardenedBSD: initialize and check features (__HardenedBSD_version 1200059 __FreeBSD_version 1201000).
CPU: Intel(R) Celeron(R) CPU  J3160  @ 1.60GHz (1600.05-MHz K8-class CPU)
  Origin="GenuineIntel"  Id=0x406c4  Family=0x6  Model=0x4c  Stepping=4
  Features=0xbfebfbff<FPU,VME,DE,PSE,TSC,MSR,PAE,MCE,CX8,APIC,SEP,MTRR,PGE,MCA,CMOV,PAT,PSE36,CLFLUSH,DTS,ACPI,MMX,FXSR,SSE,SSE2,SS,HTT,TM,PBE>
  Features2=0x43d8e3bf<SSE3,PCLMULQDQ,DTES64,MON,DS_CPL,VMX,EST,TM2,SSSE3,CX16,xTPR,PDCM,SSE4.1,SSE4.2,MOVBE,POPCNT,TSCDLT,AESNI,RDRAND>
  AMD Features=0x28100800<SYSCALL,NX,RDTSCP,LM>
  AMD Features2=0x101<LAHF,Prefetch>
  Structured Extended Features=0x2282<TSCADJ,SMEP,ERMS,NFPUSG>
  VT-x: (disabled in BIOS) PAT,HLT,MTF,PAUSE,EPT,UG,VPID
  TSC: P-state invariant, performance statistics
real memory  = 4294967296 (4096 MB)
avail memory = 3444756480 (3285 MB)
Event timer "LAPIC" quality 600
ACPI APIC Table: <ALASKA A M I >
WARNING: L1 data cache covers fewer APIC IDs than a core (0 < 1)
FreeBSD/SMP: Multiprocessor System Detected: 4 CPUs
FreeBSD/SMP: 1 package(s) x 4 core(s)
random: unblocking device.
Firmware Warning (ACPI): 32/64X length mismatch in FADT/Gpe0Block: 128/32 (20181213/tbfadt-748)
ioapic0 <Version 2.0> irqs 0-114 on motherboard
Launching APs: 2 3 1
Timecounter "TSC" frequency 1600052560 Hz quality 1000
wlan: mac acl policy registered
random: entropy device external interface
kbd1 at kbdmux0
module_register_init: MOD_LOAD (vesa, 0xffffffff812907f0, 0) error 19
random: registering fast source Intel Secure Key RNG
random: fast provider: "Intel Secure Key RNG"
000.000053 [4344] netmap_init               netmap: loaded module
[ath_hal] loaded
nexus0
efirtc0: <EFI Realtime Clock> on motherboard
efirtc0: registered as a time-of-day clock, resolution 1.000000s
cryptosoft0: <software crypto> on motherboard
acpi0: <ALASKA A M I > on motherboard
acpi0: Power Button (fixed)
unknown: I/O range not supported
cpu0: <ACPI CPU> on acpi0
atrtc0: <AT realtime clock> port 0x70-0x77 on acpi0
atrtc0: Warning: Couldn't map I/O.
atrtc0: registered as a time-of-day clock, resolution 1.000000s
Event timer "RTC" frequency 32768 Hz quality 0
attimer0: <AT timer> port 0x40-0x43,0x50-0x53 irq 0 on acpi0
Timecounter "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 0
Event timer "i8254" frequency 1193182 Hz quality 100
Timecounter "ACPI-safe" frequency 3579545 Hz quality 850
acpi_timer0: <24-bit timer at 3.579545MHz> port 0x408-0x40b on acpi0
pcib0: <ACPI Host-PCI bridge> port 0xcf8-0xcff on acpi0
pci0: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib0
vgapci0: <VGA-compatible display> port 0xf000-0xf03f mem 0x80000000-0x80ffffff,0x90000000-0x9fffffff irq 16 at device 2.0 on pci0
vgapci0: Boot video device
sdhci_pci0: <Intel Braswell eMMC 4.5.1 Controller> mem 0x81517000-0x81517fff irq 16 at device 16.0 on pci0
sdhci_pci0: 1 slot(s) allocated
mmc0: <MMC/SD bus> on sdhci_pci0
sdhci_pci1: <Intel Braswell SDXC Controller> mem 0x81516000-0x81516fff irq 18 at device 18.0 on pci0
sdhci_pci1: 1 slot(s) allocated
mmc1: <MMC/SD bus> on sdhci_pci1
ahci0: <AHCI SATA controller> port 0xf060-0xf07f mem 0x81515000-0x815157ff irq 19 at device 19.0 on pci0
ahci0: AHCI v1.31 with 2 6Gbps ports, Port Multiplier not supported
ahcich0: <AHCI channel> at channel 0 on ahci0
ahcich1: <AHCI channel> at channel 1 on ahci0
xhci0: <Intel Braswell USB 3.0 controller> mem 0x81500000-0x8150ffff irq 20 at device 20.0 on pci0
xhci0: 32 bytes context size, 64-bit DMA
usbus0: waiting for BIOS to give up control
xhci_interrupt: host controller halted
usbus0 on xhci0
usbus0: 5.0Gbps Super Speed USB v3.0
pci0: <encrypt/decrypt> at device 26.0 (no driver attached)
hdac0: <Intel (0x2284) HDA Controller> mem 0x81510000-0x81513fff irq 22 at device 27.0 on pci0
pcib1: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 16 at device 28.0 on pci0
pci1: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib1
re0: <Realtek PCIe GbE Family Controller> port 0xe000-0xe0ff mem 0x81400000-0x81400fff,0xa0100000-0xa0103fff irq 16 at device 0.0 on pci1
re0: Using Memory Mapping!
re0: Using 1 MSI-X message
re0: version:1.96.04
re0: Ethernet address: ...

This product is covered by one or more of the following patents:            
US6,570,884, US6,115,776, and US6,327,625.
re0: Ethernet address: ...
pcib2: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 17 at device 28.1 on pci0
pci2: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib2
re1: <Realtek PCIe GbE Family Controller> port 0xd000-0xd0ff mem 0x81300000-0x81300fff,0xa0000000-0xa0003fff irq 17 at device 0.0 on pci2
re1: Using Memory Mapping!
re1: Using 1 MSI-X message
re1: version:1.96.04
re1: Ethernet address: ...

This product is covered by one or more of the following patents:            
US6,570,884, US6,115,776, and US6,327,625.
re1: Ethernet address: ...
pcib3: <ACPI PCI-PCI bridge> irq 18 at device 28.2 on pci0
pci3: <ACPI PCI bus> on pcib3
pci3: <network> at device 0.0 (no driver attached)
isab0: <PCI-ISA bridge> at device 31.0 on pci0
isa0: <ISA bus> on isab0
acpi_button0: <Sleep Button> on acpi0
acpi_tz0: <Thermal Zone> on acpi0
uart1: <16550 or compatible> port 0x2f8-0x2ff irq 4 on acpi0
atkbdc0: <Keyboard controller (i8042)> port 0x60,0x64 irq 1 on acpi0
atkbd0: <AT Keyboard> irq 1 on atkbdc0
kbd0 at atkbd0
atkbd0: [GIANT-LOCKED]
est0: <Enhanced SpeedStep Frequency Control> on cpu0
Timecounters tick every 1.000 msec
ada0 at ahcich1 bus 0 scbus1 target 0 lun 0
ada0: <Hoodisk SSD SBFM01.2> ACS-4 ATA SATA 3.x device
ada0: Serial Number...
ada0: 600.000MB/s transfers (SATA 3.x, UDMA6, PIO 8192bytes)
ada0: Command Queueing enabled
ada0: 122104MB (250069680 512 byte sectors)
ugen0.1: <0x8086 XHCI root HUB> at usbus0
uhub0: <0x8086 XHCI root HUB, class 9/0, rev 3.00/1.00, addr 1> on usbus0
mmc0: No compatible cards found on bus
mmc1: No compatible cards found on bus
hdacc0: <Realtek ALC662 HDA CODEC> at cad 0 on hdac0
hdaa0: <Realtek ALC662 Audio Function Group> at nid 1 on hdacc0
hdaa0: hdaa_audio_as_parse: Duplicate pin 0 (27) in association 1! Disabling association.
pcm0: <Realtek ALC662 (Analog)> at nid 24,25,26 on hdaa0
hdacc1: <Intel (0x2883) HDA CODEC> at cad 2 on hdac0
hdaa1: <Intel (0x2883) Audio Function Group> at nid 1 on hdacc1
pcm1: <Intel (0x2883) (HDMI/DP 8ch)> at nid 5 on hdaa1
pcm2: <Intel (0x2883) (HDMI/DP 8ch)> at nid 6 on hdaa1
pcm3: <Intel (0x2883) (HDMI/DP 8ch)> at nid 7 on hdaa1
Trying to mount root from ufs:/dev/gpt/rootfs [rw]...
uhub0: 13 ports with 13 removable, self powered
ugen0.2: <vendor 0x05e3 USB2.0 Hub> at usbus0
uhub1 on uhub0
uhub1: <vendor 0x05e3 USB2.0 Hub, class 9/0, rev 2.00/32.98, addr 1> on usbus0
uhub1: MTT enabled
uhub1: 4 ports with 4 removable, self powered
usb_alloc_device: set address 3 failed (USB_ERR_TIMEOUT, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 3 failed, USB_ERR_TIMEOUT
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=3, set address failed! (USB_ERR_TIMEOUT, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 3 failed, USB_ERR_TIMEOUT
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=3, set address failed! (USB_ERR_TIMEOUT, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 3 failed, USB_ERR_TIMEOUT
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=3, set address failed! (USB_ERR_TIMEOUT, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 3 failed, USB_ERR_TIMEOUT
usbd_req_re_enumerate: addr=3, set address failed! (USB_ERR_TIMEOUT, ignored)
usbd_setup_device_desc: getting device descriptor at addr 3 failed, USB_ERR_TIMEOUT
ugen0.3: <Unknown > at usbus0 (disconnected)
uhub_reattach_port: could not allocate new device
iwm0: <Intel(R) Dual Band Wireless AC 3160> mem 0x81200000-0x81201fff irq 18 at device 0.0 on pci3
iwm0: hw rev 0x160, fw ver 17.352738.0, address XXX
lo0: link state changed to UP
aesni0: <AES-CBC,AES-CCM,AES-GCM,AES-ICM,AES-XTS> on motherboard
wlan0: Ethernet address: ...
wlan0: changing name to 'iwm0_wlan1'
tun1: changing name to 'ovpns1'
re1: link state changed to UP
re0: link state changed to UP
pflog0: permanently promiscuous mode enabled
ovpns1: link state changed to UP
ovpns1: link state changed to DOWN
ovpns1: link state changed to UP
WARNING: attempt to domain_add(netgraph) after domainfinalize()
650.140008 [1130] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for re1 created (prev was NULL)
650.140029 [1035] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for re1 destroyed
650.154092 [1130] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for re1 created (prev was NULL)
650.437893 [ 320] generic_netmap_register   Emulated adapter for re1 activated
400.262413 [ 295] generic_netmap_unregister Emulated adapter for re1 deactivated
400.263551 [1035] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for re1 destroyed
764.503874 [1130] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for re1 created (prev was NULL)
764.503893 [1035] generic_netmap_dtor       Emulated netmap adapter for re1 destroyed
764.512198 [1130] generic_netmap_attach     Emulated adapter for re1 created (prev was NULL)
764.512418 [ 320] generic_netmap_register   Emulated adapter for re1 activated
